Sajid Khan! Why? Just Why? Why do you need to make films? OK, The story is just the confusion created by 3 doppelgangers (Humshakals) Based on just the above sentence, would you make a 160 minute long film? Only Sajid Khan would.. Saif, Ritesh and Ram will be seen in lead roles, whereas Bipasha, 
Sajid Khan strikes back with his slap stick comedy genre with "Humshakals" but the problem is that there is not enough laughs to sustain 159 mins… So Sajid goes back to his "Housefull "
The Story written by Sajid Khan of three sets of Humshakals of Ashok (Saif), Kumar (Riteish) and Mamaji alias KANS (Ram Kapoor), one set of Ashok who is heir to the multimillion empire of Sighanias, Kumar who is Ashok's best friend and Mamaji who is scheming to confiscate the empire from Ashok, 
Screenplay should I say the lack of it credited to Robin Bhatt, Akash Khurana and Sajid Khan is just a shocker and imagination just goes wild. A sequence has a doctor giving a medicine potion which makes human beings act like DOGS and you see both Reteish & Saif acting like dogs well this is utterly insane in the name of comedy.
The only good thing about the movie is the cinematography by Ravi Yadav which is good and catchy to the eye. Music by Himesh Reshamiya is extremely average, excluding "Caller Tune" none of the other songs are worth mentioning.
Hoped they had a 0 or even minus rating!!
Thankfully (or not) we had a 8 year old amidst us and as she was finding this movie quite a fun, we had a good time hearing her laugh and watching her rolling in the seat :-)
Imagine ... and I mean try to 'visualize' what you are going to read next... "After having watched this movie in a cinema-hall, while on your way back (from it), a mad dog crosses your path. wait ... make it more ... let us say, three mad dogs. You are terrified, assuming that the dogs might bite you but. Somehow those dogs know that you have seen 'Humshakals' and that too in a 'hall'. 
Yes you read it right! Actually i can sum up the whole review in just 3 words - WASTE OF TIME, but since I have to reach the maximum of 10 lines i will just have to continue. Well who doesn't know nowadays what Sajid Khan is incapable of so I don't think there is much needed about the direction part.
Humshakkals is a comedy of errors centered around 3 people who look alike each other.