This film tries to show you the importance of parents to a child and how if they are not around bad things can happen, but it fails in so many ways. The main reason it fails is that I could find very little to actually blame the parents on. The movie starts of with this guy accusing his parents and blaming them for the fact he had committed manslaughter then the movie flashes back and shows what led up to that point. 
This isn't nearly as bad as typical MST fodder. Sure, the plot is melodramatic and ludicrous, but no more so than a lot of "troubled youth" movies of the time. Sure, the musical numbers are uninspired, but you have to give them credit for trying.
It's hard to imagine that stuff like this was being churned out in the very middle of WW II. IAMP portrays a fantasy land where high school kids wear sack suits and ties around the house, everyone is rich and has plenty of time and leisure for drinking and partying and night-clubbing, and a young shoe store salesman can get involved in organized crime. So the point must have been for the movie to be total escapist fare that took peoples' minds off their troubles.
A wonderful film - if seen through the eyes of Mystery Science Theater. It is devoid of logic. The best scene is where Joe, our hero, on the run, goes into a diner, broke, and sits at the counter with a gun under his jacket. 
Come on. Seriously. Who actually said that this movie would be a good idea?
Of all the Mystery Science Theater 3000 Episodes I have seen, and I haven't seen that many, this movie is probably the least terrible of them all. Sure it is slow, boring, outdated, and without any redeeming quality, but at least it has a coherent plot and resembles a professional film. It isn't as bad as some other MST3k stinkers like "Manos: The Hands of Fate," "Mitchell," "Eegah," or "Santa Claus Conquers The Martians." 
The film begins with a trial. A young man is accused of manslaughter. In an insanely unrealistic moment, the judge asks the accused to come to the front of the room and talk about his life story.
I accuse my parents is a film that definitely has not stood the test of time. Blaming one's parents for your criminal ways is a very out-of-date idea, and the whole premise is silly. There are people out there who have grown up in abusive homes and managed to make things work out fine for themselves. 
After making a fresh start as a counter boy in a road side diner the understanding and belief of his boss (plus visiting church on Sundays) has Jimmy returning to his home town to put things straight. Robert Lowell as Jimmy didn't make much of an impression, in fact this movie seems to be his only credited part. The most prestigious thing about this movie is the fact that Ray Evans and Jay Livingston composed the forgettable songs. In just a few years they would win Academy Awards for song compositions "Buttons and Bows" (from "The Paleface") and "Mona Lisa" (from "Captain Carey, U.S.A."). Definitely not as bad as people have commented and deserves more that the average of 2.
There are movies that are so bad, they deserve to be sent up from Gizmonic Institute to the Satellite of Love. This movie is one of them.
"I Accuse My Parents" is not only one of the oldest films to be shown on "Mystery Science Theater 3000" ("Werewolf" or "Future War" is one of the most recent), it's also a good movie for that show! 