I actually liked the sketch "Pat" on SNL. It was a fresh idea - honestly, how many other "andrognenous character-sketch" routines can you name? It had its limitations, and it sure as hell could have been pushed past the "Pat almost reveals his/her gender but then doesn't" joke that seems to have been the limit of its humor.
So when there was a movie, I thought, "Hey, they're finally going to push the character beyond the one-joke limit. 
My wife and I play a game while we go on long road trips. It's called "Name the bad Saturday NIGHT LIVE alumnus film". It's a wonderful game--and far longer than the alternative "Name the good Saturday NIGHT LIVE alumnus film"--as there are practically a bazillion films made by ex-SNL actors which are absolutely wretched. Yet, compared to "It's Pat", even horrible films like "Dr. Detroit", "Neighbors" and "Best Defense" look like Oscar-contenders!
This is definitely one of the most misunderstood comedies of all time. I believe that people wen't into the theater with the intention of laughing their behinds off. I know I did, I mean after all, this was a great skit on "Saturday Night Live" wasn't it?
I've seen a lot of movies, many good and many bad ones. But trust me on this; this is by far the worst. There is nothing positive I can mention about this movie.
You might as well skip this one, as it's not worth your time. If I wanted to watch a sexless person's everyday life, I'd revisit my sixth grade boys P.E. teacher. No, my friends, this is a BAD film. Not bad like "Hey! They forgot the ketchup!" bad, more like "Hey! There's pube hair on my hamburger!" bad.
Just do not see this, not even to find out how bad it is, this movie is terrible, its annoying, its irritable, its the movie version of chicken pox. DO NOT WATCH THIS, it will taint your love for movies and take away a slice of your life you will never get back. 
No it is the worst movie I have ever seen. I do not know why any television station would even broadcast this drivel. You could use it as a form of torture for those you hate or really really despise. 
This is not worth dignifying with more than a few comments. Its virtually unwatchable but I made it..why, I don't know. Sometimes you want to see a disaster, there's no other explanation.