There's not much to say about this sex comedy other than it being a mixture of sleazy humor, ridiculous slapstick, embarrassing performances, and ugly design. Sex comedies are fine as far as they make you laugh, but in here utter silliness is all there is.

Finally, if you're here to read the review of this movie to decide whether you're going to watch it or no, just don't. You're going to waste your money, time and may lose some IQ points. Terrible.
'Kyaa Kool Hain Hum 3' Synopsis: A porn actor uses his fellow adult movie stars in creating a fake traditional family, in order to impress his girlfriend's conservative father.
so foolish, unreasonable, or out of place as to be amusing.
 There is no real story or plot or even attempt or effort visible in this movie by the makers. All in all, a movie that is to be avoided to preserve ones brain cells. This is as worse as one could expect from a Tushar Kapoor movie.
 When they get tired about doing all this they introduced one male lead as female. It was irritating. It was meant to make you laugh but I got heavy. That sand swamp scene in climax is unbearable. Nothing in the name of performance and music.

And my review about this movie is that you can make a comedy movie like Hungama, Hulchul, Hera Pheri, Dhol, Dulhe Raja, Bol Bachchan, Teen Thai Bhai and more. Then why movies like this.
Worst Movie of the Kya Kool Hain Hum series. Its not that if you got permission to make adult comedy, you can make any thing you want. There must be some story and script. In past we have watched many Adult comedies like Masti, Grand Masti, Kyaa Kool Hain Hum but that movies are good by story and worth watching for time pass. But these time Kyaa Kool Hain Hum team has made fool to audience. 

The third installment in the "Kya kool hain hum" franchise was supposed to be a comedy film and Comedy is a genre all about timing, which unfortunately for this film was ruined by abrupt censorship. 
kya fool hain hum ? this is what every viewer should be asking from the makers of this disgraceful, highly regressive, z class film which sadly became a hit in India.
