Apparently one of the ways you can choose to die when you're sentenced to death is to watch this movie. No one has chosen this route because it too painful a way to go.
This movie is really bad. It should in fact be banned. The video store where I rented this from should really keep movies like this behind the counter, anyone could just pick it up, and rent it.
Basic story.. Underdogs who can't surf have a week to learn how to surf and beat REAL surfers who probably have been surfing all their lives, at the World High School surf championships in Costa Rica. And there seems to only be 3 teams that enter this contest. The local team from Costa Rica. Laguna Beach Team B(<----underdogs) and Laguna Beach Team A (The bad-guys).
Surf School is without question one of the worst movies I've ever had the misfortune to watch. It's dull, predictable, poorly conceived and painfully unfunny. The characters are paper thin and the plot lurches awkwardly from one yawn-inducing scene to the next. There is not a single original or entertaining moment in the entire 85 or so minutes. 
With early comparisons to "American Pie" and "Road Trip," I wasn't expecting much when I saw SURF SCHOOL this past week. Actually, I like mindless, escapist fluff comedies, and was prepared for one of those here. What I found was one of the most gawd-awful 90 minutes I ever spent in a theater.
A poor script was brought even farther down by horrible acting, especially on the part of Corey Sevier (unfortunately the main character). The girl who played Doris was decent but disappointingly had a minimal role. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. This movie was a waste of money. 
it's interesting to note that teens, college kids reviewing here - view movies - as nothing more than a 'bunch of stuck together bits'. minds seem unable to think in terms of a integrated 'whole'. 
with something this bad one must not have many friends to clue you in before it too late 'hey this is bad bad bad' 7th graders on you tube have better writing skills.
I curse the day that IMDb didn't put an option to be able to vote 0 for a film. Even 1 is far too much of an accolade for this steaming pile of horse manure The film is just plain terrible its like they took gross out clichéd clips of jokes from other films and ran them one after another on here. The acting is terrible and the gratuitous shots of dumb bimbos got tedious and repetitive.
The writing is horrible - even for a campy teen movie, it plain sucked. The acting was very bad, the direction was bad. I feel bad for the cast who probably worked for peanuts, to be portrayed in such a crappy film. 