Also, when did they change the name of this movie to "DEMON ISLAND"? Is this a laughable attempt at trying to rename the film to trick people into seeing it after the bad word of mouth gets around? 
After watching this trash, one can only hope that someone would fill a real piñata with copies of this movie so we can all have a go at it with a wooden bat.
Then, believe it or not! That grungy music again! Oh, I was captivated!
After this, I had to make a life-changing decision. Would I stay or go?
OK...I stayed.
Poor Nicholas Brendon. While his other Buffy castmates get to do theatrical films he is stuck in this straight to video abomination so awful everyone involved should actually be ashamed. The monster is particularly embarrassing--a computer generated thing that looks like it stepped out of a video game and almost never interacts with the live actors, making it seem even more fake.
Surival Island ranks among the moments that our young 21st Century needs to put behind it, ranking somewhere on the list between Natalee Holloway and Nickelback. As a collective society, it is our duty to try and learn from these mistakes and move on. What were the mistakes within this film that our society needs to correct in future releases?
College co-eds are stalked by an evil pinata in a tropical paradise! A premise like that could be the makings of a cult classic.
Alas, "Pinata: Survival Island" seems neither inspired nor clumsy enough to reach that status. The film DOES qualify as an obscure horror hoot, especially in the early scenes of the wicked pinata's reign of terror.
This was one of the worst movies I had ever seen! U can tell that it was definitely a low-budget film, and the writing was awful. It was a typical, cheesy college kid film with the pretty size 0 beach blondes, college hunks and jocks, and of course the one black guy in the film (who never survives in horror films)looking to party and get wild. The creature's was computer animated, and it was so bad that it took the fear out of the film.
How bad is this movie? It's so bad that it doesn't even have any decent gratuitous nudity. They have a hot babe in Jaime Pressley running around an island in a midriff baring shirt, but no skinny dipping scene? Blasphemy! Worst, the movie is pitifully stupid and amateurish.
Meanwhile the acting is so stiff that one is left wondering if the final footage came from the 2nd or 3rd reading of the script. Or if the script was simply being written an hour before the filming.
If you are looking for a silly horror movie to watch with a group of friends for laughs, this is a very good candidate. 
Love all kinds of Horror films, from the silent films to the present day gems. However, this film is absolutely HORRIBLE. These college gals and guys fool around with an experiment besides trying to make out, but there is very little time for romance. 
Overall, I have to say this looks more like an attempt at a more grown-up version of the "Scooby-Doo" movie (especially the scene where they are being chased on the 4-wheelers, and if you've seen both movies, you'll know exactly what I mean). The only people I would recommend this film to are ones that are either really high or want a bad movie to laugh at.I must say, this movie is a joke.