Take a low budget, inexperienced actors doubling as production staff— as well as limited facilities—and you can't expect much more than "Time Chasers" gives you, but you can absolutely expect a lot less. This film represents a bunch of good natured friends and neighbors coming together to collaborate on an interesting project. If your cousin had been one of those involved, you would probably think to yourself, "ok, this movie is terrible... but a really good effort."
I feel badly for the actors and directors of this film who may come across this site's comments about it, which was fairly well done - for a low-budget film.
All the criticisms about the film are true: The evil CEO's office in an apparent library, the antique computer with outdated floppy disks, and the fairly wooden acting are all valid criticisms.
I don't want to spoil the plot, but since I've yet to figure out exactly what the plot IS, I'm not too worried about it. In fact, it would probably be less time-consuming for you to just track down a copy of this movie and watch it yourself. If YOU figure out the plot, please contact me; I'm curious.
This is another cinematic failure that would be stealing our time if it weren't for those wonderful, talented people at MST3K. This movie is about a physics professor(yeah right!) who invents a time machine(a plane which flies through really bad computer graphics). He is supposed to go visit other time periods with it, but it seems the past and future look a lot like today except with very slight, cheap modifications
I think the only reason this movie has such a low rating is because it was featured on MST3K. Its has its share of cheesy performances and inexplicably ridiculous moments (as when the bad guys ditch their cars to chase after the hero on bicycles), but its main flaw is that its way too ambitious for its budget. I feel confident in asserting that, in spite of my never having been to the future, it will turn out much better than the one portrayed in this movie.
That's what the director of this film had to be saying throughout it's making The story is set around Nick, a geeky teacher at Castleton college who invents a time machine using eight commador floppy disks and his plane. After Superdweeb sells his time machine to Bob Evil he discovers the FUTURE has been harmed. Will he be able to prevent the future for being ruined? 
Seriously, it's amazing what can be made with a little imagination, a lot of 'can do' spirit, an investment in your own community and your good friends. Giancola was in his teens/early 20's; how many people can watch and laugh with a film they made themselves at an age before most of us moved out of the house? 
Bravo,David and Edgewood Studios.
Think of this one as Back to the Future...except not very good.
The use of time travel and possible timelines gone askew does nothing to add to the film. Our lead guy is a David Koresh look-alike, but a lot less evil. 
And the use of "average" looking people as opposed to Hollywood glamour boys (and girls) is commendable, I suppose (but see above note on the ultra-low budget). But, really! The hero (!) looks like the product of a gene-splicing experiment involving Richard Dreyfuss and Nomar Garciaparra! Is that the best they could do? Was he the handsomest most charismatic most everyman actor in the whole of Vermont?
Time Chasers joins various films that have been given the razzing they deserve on MST. A little more competent than most films that are shown, it's still pretty bad. A bike riding scientist invents a time travel device and puts it in his Cessna.