I recommend this movie to any one who gets emotionally erect over explosions. There are lots of things blowing up, sometimes in luxurious slow motion. Sometimes we get to see the same explosion from many angles. It's pyro-porno.
So basically, go find this movie, I haven't seen the MST3k version, but would like to, it doesn't matter, all I know is that the original is a true wonder to behold.
The main character sucked. Everyone but donald Pleasance also sucked. Still, it was worth more than a few laughs.
 Worth seeing, if only to watch in sadistic delight as "Megaweapon" runs over Einstein, the squeaky-voiced, talking motorcycle.
The only words I can sum up to attempt to describe this horrible Mad Max rip-off is "absolutely retarded". You see everything in this one from talking motorcycles to black Nazis. This is quite possibly the saddest attempt to entertain people using film that I have ever seen. Recommended for B-movie fans, although I'm not even sure that they would enjoy it. 1/10 for sure.
I first saw this movie on MST3K, and it was my all time favorite. Even without the wiseass robots this is damn funny. I mean, from the stoner motorcycle, to Donald Pleasance as the blue print for Mike Myer's Dr. Evil character, to Robert Ginty's unbelievably wooden performance..
Megaweapon is this magical being who attempted to destroy the Paper Chase Guy! Megaweapon even SQUISHED the evil bike with Pong graphics ... but recall how I mentioned it came back to life, hmph. Then the Paper Chase Guy had to go and destroy the wondrous Megaweapon! Oh the horror! Never fear, Megaweapon has the power of repairing himself!!! It's part of the magic that IS Megaweapon!!
More hilarious ineptitude than you can shake a stick at, this was one of the best Mystery Science Theatre 3000 rift fests ever. It should be viewed no other way.
The movie is a great example of "so bad it's good". We have a lot of ridiculous action, which is good, since many movies like these try to have some sort of "story" which just takes time and bores you to insanity. Warrior throws that crap out of the window and concentrates on what's important.
There is a computer, Einstein(credited as "itself"), who wins the "Most annoying computer of all time"-prize without even trying. Seriously, I'd take HAL before this one. There's Ginty, referred to as "Paper Chase Guy", who is the best mumbler ever to play hero, and best of all, there's MEGAWEAPON, a huge truck with flamethrowers and spikes.
