ZOMBIE NIGHTMARE was my very first movie as an actor. I was chosen to play the hero, Frank Sorrel, a young detective who uncovers the secret of the zombie murders. When I made this picture, I was told it would be a big theatrical release. And I was thrilled to work with my childhood hero
Halfway into the film, Adam West makes a welcome appearance, playing the local police chief who may have something to do with the intricate proceedings. Well, I won't give anything away here! Let's just say, if your name is Ronnie Milsap, you'll never see it coming! Think "THE USUAL SUSPECTS" with Manuska Rigaud. Get the picture?
I recommend watching both films back to back and then running around naked in a chicken coop, with petroleum jelly on your feet, for three hours. Compare the experiences and get back to me ASAP. Thanks.
It's quite stunning that that something like ZOMBIE NIGHTMARE was able to clear all the hurdles involved in seeing a a film come to fruition. It's amazing someone thought of it. It's more amazing that someone had enough faith in those involved to fund it. Our amazement continues to escalate when we think that real people -- 
MST covered this one and did a good job with it.(The quote is from the first zombie attack.) And as I recall, Adam West even introduced their cover of it for its first broadcast during a "Turkey Day" Thanksgiving marathon. (Good for you, Adam! You look good!)
 So what does this badass gang leader do? He throws a strainer full of wet noodles at his Mom! Watch and laugh. Make sure to get plenty of beer and donuts for this one!
I love it. I'd love to see the Mystery Science Theater version. I bought a crappy copy of this for five bucks a few years ago. It is a really good film, if you know it's purely trash.People who love the big-budget, glory-hungry, happy-ending, million dollar barf-bag bonanzas, don't even finish this review. Three stars.
When the film begins, a father is stabbed to death trying to save a young lady from being raped. Years later, the man's son is hit by a bunch of jerks in a Mercedes and his angry mother gets the local voodoo priestess to resurrect her son in order to exact revenge on his killers.
As a boy, Tony Washington witnesses the fatal stabbing of his father after he goes to the rescue of a young black woman, Molly Mokembe, who is being sexually molested by two teenage thugs.
I'm sorry for the score of 1, but that is as low as it would go. I for one am a HUGE fan of cheesy horror movies, but this one was just a pile of crap. 
A beefcake with a body that looks like it was drawn by a child without much sense of proportion gets run over by some local badboys. How bad? Well one of them throws noodles at his mother, that's pretty much the limit if you ask me.
It doesn't really make a whole lot of sense but if you like really bad movies then it is sure to entertain you. It's worth watching just to see the most pitiful street gang since the movie Wraith
