OK, so I just made an account to do you a favor & let you know, that this movie, absolutely, SUCKS BIGTIME! It is actually worse than any part of twilight, it is not funny, it is not sexy, it is just lame & disgusting.
I cannot believe people would waste money on making such a load of rubbish and passing it off as a comedy.

Now I hate Twilight as much as the next guy, but what does this have to do with Twilight. Your method is taking ANYTHING and just adding poop and cum jokes. What's next? Game of Farts? Iron Poop 4? I'm sure you would make it because any eight year old thinks poo is funny. Grow up, man
"This is all because of me...I'm the center of the...me, me, me!!!" This is a spoof of the "Twilight" series. Spoofing parts of all 4 movies as well as many others.
Craig Moss, I did not know who that name was but I will never watch a single one of his movies again. Obviously the guy has seen spoofs done by (*insert name here - anything will be better than this guy*) and thought he could do the same. Those people who hate Vampires Suck should take a look at this to see how a bad spoof of Twilight REALLY is (yes it's worse than the original film).
I do not like Twilight much, But I have been watching the movies as it has grabbed me in some small way (probably just to cure boredom, more than anything, and to ponder on what the hype is all about).
 These movies don't have anything to do with comedy, but everything to do with what is considered the social and moral decline of humanity. Possibly the worst part of the movie is that the actors who starred in this movie are stuck with this film listed in their resumes for the rest of their film careers.
The opening scene focused on some loser "breaking wind" and spouting the F-word a few times. (I hope that does not count as a spoiler.) This movie set an all time record for being the worst movie ever in less than 30 seconds.
I could not wait for this horrible and disgusting movie to end, and you will hate yourself for wasting even 40 minutes of your life at 2x speed. To drag it out another 10 minutes (which was pointless since 99% of the audience had already left), fake fan reactions were added to the credits, hence the additional F-words.
Sure there is a good amount of moments in the movie that will raise some laughs, however, the movie doesn't really leave a lasting impression in any way. I haven't seen any "Twilight" movies after I was suckered into watching the very first one, so I have no idea how much similarity there was between "Breaking Wind" and the rest of the "Twilight" saga. But still, it managed to make me laugh here and there, and that was what mattered.
For a spoof, then "Breaking Wind" is in the lower end of the scale, and there are far better spoof movies out there, if you like this particular genre of movies.
 But this wasn't the least bit funny or clever and the shock value disappears immediately because EVERY joke was about the same small repertoire of material. It's really hard to imagine anyone getting paid to write this and I am pretty sure everyone in the film must have felt embarrassed because it was so incredibly unfunny and stupid. Overall, an assault on your intelligence and a film every bit as unfunny as cancer.
