This was a pretty clever film mixing live characters and human voices for the dogs and cats. The dubbing is extremely well-done, and so is the humor. It's a funny story, although it displays the typical whacked-out father, which is another political correctness feminist agenda (mother = good; father = bad). Other than that, it is a very entertaining film even with a bunch of silliness.
The dog and cat agents are all good (their voices, excuse me). Especially, good is the voice of the persian cat, Mr. Twiggles, whose owner is bedridden. The housekeeper/nurse makes Mr. Twiggles' life a horror by continually dressing him in feminine outfits which he hates.
I hope they do a sequel, with all the original actors & voices! Oh yeah, did I mention how great Susan Sarandon was, as "Ivy" ???
Bravo to all these actors, and to the director, the writers, and the producer!
This movie is so cute! It's all about the eternal fight between cats and dogs. (And it's funny to notice that cats are always the bad ones) We have famous actors as Jeff Goldblum as Professor Brody and Elizabeth Perkins as Mrs. Brody. 
This had great potential - a good plot, a really strong cast and a good opportunity for children and adult jokes alike. The plot delivers what it has - a little silly but quite clever in places - but the comedy is seriously lacking for adults. For children there are some fart jokes and plenty of cat and dog slapstick but there are almost no jokes for adults that other films such as Shrek and Toy Story had in spades.
CATS & DOGS / (2001) ** (out of four)
In "Cats & Dogs" you get a cat and mouse chase movie, except the dog replaces the mouse, and the feline's goal is not just to catch the opponent, but to claim world domination. 
 Even if it does make human beings out to be a bunch of idiots who could quite easily be invaded by animals, this is still a great film which will tickle anyone's funnybone (unless you're a cruel, heartless critic of course...) 7/10
Laurence Guterman does well directing, better than he did in the dreadful Son of the Mask four years later. All in all, not perfect, but it is cute and has a great concept. Kids will love it, adults might. 7/10 Bethany Cox
In the town of comic book land there is a home that lives the lonely young boy without a friend. Until one day Lou the Beagle puppy arrives on the scene.
 Besides, I'm still pretty young at heart even though I'm past 40 (not immature, mind you! LOL). I gave it 8 out of 10, maybe a bit high, but so what? *grin* If a movie can give me at least half a dozen or so laughs, it's OK by me! LOL (Too bad so many people are SO serious & old-thinking--stay young at heart!) :)