
WATCH this movie and be AMAZED... Please do, i beg you! Actually i DARE you! Then you can say to yourself, "Hey, at least i will never watch anything this terrible again" 
And people... Try to avoid hitting yourself in the head, while watching it. I had a hard time doing that.
Fantastic movie? Fantastic? Are you kidding me? This "fantastic" movie has an average rating of 1.1, with 1 being the lowest rating on IMDb after over 1,200 votes. Fantastic? Fantastic trash, maybe.
I can't believe I wasted my time with this movie.
Voters rated "Gigli" higher than this, which should give you an idea of exactly how bad this movie is.
This movie was a Crossover that is for sure. I broke my ankle on purpose just to try and get through the painful story line and horrible streetball action. If you want to see streetball just rent the And1 Mix Tape tours, even though they are a jumble of random moves, they are still better action then Crossover. This acting was not good either. 
You know what's funny? I'll tell you...this movie. Once again drum roll please....Or, should I say DRUMLINE please. Drumline type movie that bombed like all of the rest. Nothing was good about this movie except the end credits where some persons name was my name and it made me as giddy as a school girl. 
This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen. First off every single character is the most shallow, worst drawn out character I have ever seen. I've seen better acting in porno's!! The movie is BARELY about basketball. Instead there are 3 times in the movie where you actually see a freaking basketball! The rest of the movie is set at the mall. 
The worst part are the women. They have the worst one liners. "Is that true" "Its so big" "are you kidding" "is that for real . Yeah if you're going to put hood rats in your movie please don't let they say anything. The 'love story'is so unbelievable. Cruise and the better looking hood rat magically fall in love after he revels he wants to go to California and become a doctor.