This is without a doubt the worst Danish movie I have ever seen. Even the two main actors, Timm Vladimir and Gordon Kenedy did not attend the opening of the movie as they disliked the result - and only 4000 people saw it in the theatres.
The movie was initiated without the screen play being completed, and the result is not surprisingly a movie with no plot, based around the two "superstars", Jim and Morten. During the entire movie they run around like headless chickens with no purpose in life except to annoy the viewer. They are supported by a line of other (just as annoying) characters, who likewise serve no purpose.
The movie has won several "worst movie of the year" awards in Denmark, and it will be in strong contention for "worst movie of the first 100 years' of movie making".
I had to wait for the ending credits for my first and only (short) "laugh", and it is not even remotely funny in a cult-sort of way.
Some find "Naked Gun" funny, others prefer "Monthy Python", however, I have not come across one person who had anything positive to say about this movie - and it is not worth checking if I am right. Those 1 hour and 19 minutes of your life will be gone forever.
Timm & Gordon have publicly said, that they are so embarrassed about this movie. They even warned people to see it. This could of course, have the opposite effect and make people more interested, but only 2.192 went to see it at the cinemas. Can you imagine? Soon after it came out on video, and so far, it has been on Danish TV twice.
This is ultimately the worst movie I have ever wasted my time on. I only saw it, because I heard so many say that it was the most terrible movie ever to come out of Denmark. And boy they where right. Less than 800 people went to see it in the cinema, and most of these had received the tickets for free. It was bad enough on TV, but it most have been terrible on the big screen. I have read that the two leads Tim and Gordon really have regretted this movie, and publicly have called it a bad decision. I can understand that. The plot? The acting? The cinematography? It is not so much that it is bad, it is horrible.

It REALLY stinks. The only thing I find amusing about this movie is that even Gordon Kennedy , one of the lead actors, said in an interview that he wished he had never made that movie and warned people against seeing it.
This is the ultimate bad movie and that's all that has to be said. This can be documented by looking at how many people actually saw this film. I can't tell the exact number, but it was something between 1000 and 1500.
Knowing that this is one of the worst movies of all times, we had great expectations when one of our tv-channels for some reason showed this piece of art yesterday.

After 45 minutes we all fell asleep, me, my wife and my kids. There was nothing funny in this so-called comedy, not even unintentionally (like in "Plan 9" i.e). This was just boring, boring, boring.
