A week ago i watched Daniel der Zauberer. I wanted to give it a chance after all the bad reviews it had received. This foolish idea ended up being just a waste of my precious time.THe plot reads as follows:
ueblboeck actually plays himself). After all I'm proud i made it through the movie. To be honest i only watched it till the end to write about it. The movie itself is so bad it almost hurts physically. So this is a warning : DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE!! DO NOT GIVE IT A CHANCE!
Some people give this movie 10 points, because they feel compassion for him, but if you are objective, this is the WORST MOVIE EVER MADE.
YES, beyond any doubt, this is indeed the worst movie I've ever seen. Even the cheapest action flicks cannot come close to this outrageous offense to the eye. This movie not only is an insult to any person who regards himself even a bit intelligent.
Daniel der Zauberer is probably the worst ... "movie", I've ever seen. And I've seen many, many movies. It's cruel. Save your money or throw it in a trash can, but don't spend any money for that ... "movie".
The acting is wooden, the voice of Daniel makes you want to rip your ears of, basically everything about this flick is so unbelievably bad (even the posters, which you can still find in catalogs) are real bad and I cannot imagine who would want to buy them.
First of all... don't watch this movie without knowing that you are going to have a good movie which will heal your wounds after watching this movie! A 5.5 stars rated film of any genre should do. 
I'm very sorry that he managed not to be shot in the neck by his kidnappers. That would be a reason to watch this movie again. I agree with my German friends that this movie is the biggest waste of time and resources. All thumbs down!!!
the "actors" are acting .. very bad! Think about the worst performance you have ever seen - and than imagine all the bad actors being drunk, insane, spastic and disabled in many other ways.. 
The film is made with a hand camera without any apparent reason, and it does not seem to fit. The acting is actually pathetic, and it was probably not a good idea to include Daniel's family in he cast. 