I thought that I would watch this film as it was on TV, I like Viz and had an hour or two to kill.I had also heard that the film was a bit of a train wreck and sometime films like that can be quite amusing in places.I was wrong.
This is about as low as the British Film Industry can get. I could have told those involved that this was a bad idea even before conception - and well before a script materialised. Surely someone, somewhere, throughout the entire shoot must have realized that this movie would turn out to be unfunny and a complete waste of time. I am simply at a loss for words.
That sounds like a pretty outrageous claim, but see the movie and you will know where I'm coming from (oo-err! bit of innuendo!) Really though, this is an abomination of a film, dreadful in every possible aspect. As a life long Viz reader I know what a Fat slags movie should be like, and this just ain't it. Similarities between the comic book characters and on screen counterparts was minimal: they're fat, oh yeah, and, well, that's it really.
Having been madly in love with the Fats Slags since I was a young man, I was disappointed with this movie. How on earth can directors and producers continue to imagine that it can still be funny to take ordinary people and make them rich and successful, after Rosanne destroyed her career by doing exactly that with her working class show. This is without the incredibly clichéd notion that there is something inherently funny about working class people from the north of England.
The body suits that the actors wear are shockingly made.It's like this is a sketch for some TV series gone wrong.Also the fact that GERI HALLIWELL is billed as one of the stars of this film is such a laugh.She isn't even an actress and she appears briefly in the film - hardly worthy of a credit!
OK this movie ain't bad, I mean it was an OK laugh.
It just lacks any real plot, it's bland, and the humour doesn't really make up for the whole film being about two, fat, loud mouthed northerners.
I was just really shocked it wasn't better, mainly because there are LOADS of top notch British actors in it.
If you are expecting to see a film featuring the Viz comic strip characters Sandra Burke and Tracey Tunstall you will be disappointed. The characters in the movie are different. They have different personalities and are portrayed in a more favourable and sympathetic light.
Whether or not "Fat Slags" is among the worst films ever made is up for debate. The production values aren't really bad and the film technically speaking isn't horrible. However, the script and characters are among the most detestable and disgusting I've ever seen...and I have almost 19,000 reviews to my credit!! 
Stop over-compensating. Just be honest to yourselves. It was trashy low-brow, camply over-acted in places, toilet-to-gutter-level, immature comic-book humour. Yes, and it was kinda funny.
I normally enjoy British comedy more than the American counterpart because the jokes tend to be a bit more subtle, a bit more ironic an less slapstick-y. That is not the case with this movie, subtlety has been thrown out completely, and the "jokes" are more or less shoved in your face. I wish movie makers could learn that fat people and fart jokes are not funny.


