I have just read the lead comment for this film that is on the front page with the voting results and cast run down.
Why is it that some people can not take a film for what it is supposed to be.
This film is supposed to be a light hearted, tonge in cheek, family comedy, things to make the kids laugh and things for the adults, 
I have been eagerly anticipating the opening of this film for several months. Being a huge Jim Carrey fan, I easily saw how he could morph himself into Seuss' Grinch and make the character his own. I was not disappointed. 
In the land of Whoville everyone loves Christmas and count down the whole year until that wonderful time. However just outside Whoville lives the Grinch, a green hairy twisted creature that hates, and always has hated, Christmas and was rejected by the Who's as a child. A young girl from Whoville sets out to befriend the Grinch and help him find his love of Christmas but, when it goes wrong early on, the Grinch becomes even more rotten and plans to ruin it for everyone.
If you went to this movie to see some huge academy award presentation...oh well..but if you wanted to see a funny delightful adaptation of an old classic, you will love it..Jim Carey was incredible as usual. The story line was great, a few parts added like the history of the Grinch made it even better. 
Good Morning, or should I say Good After Noon, or Good Night? Uh what the hell, Hello fellow readers. Today we'll be looking at a very great family adventure, also one of the best Christmas films, THE GRINCH. This film reaches the pinnacle of family films and Jim Carrey makes a great choice by signing on to play the lead character.
Howard's 'How the Grinch Stole Christmas' is a delightful family flick that both adults and children can enjoy (mostly with each other). It is basically an adaptation of the famous children's books and what the audience gets is a pleasant Christmas treat. Price's screenplay is brilliant as he cleverly manages to include some adult humour.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is by far one of the most enjoyable, feel-good Christmas movies ever made. Fact. It's creepy, nonetheless, but it's also very heartwarming in some particular scenes more than others.
The film is very colorful and looks great on DVD. The little girl in here, "Cindy Lou Who" (Taylor Momsen) is really cute and the costumes and hairdos of the little people in here are fun to view. Anthony Hopkins' voice is pleasing, too, so having his narrate this elevates the movie further. His rhymes are fun to hear.
I saw this in the theater, though it was "fair," but on DVD, it was far better. I've seen in three times and it got better each time.
I agree completely, this film looks extremely overblown, and it is.
Though the sets and costumes are visually amazing, they go by too fast too be truly appreciated, and there is the feeling that it is too much crammed into too little. Besides this, the supporting cast have very little to do, and the presence of Anthony Hopkins as the narrator is rather puzzling. Besides that, several weak story points are added, for instance, like the romance between the Grinch and Martha May seems completely superfluous.
Ask and Who, there's no place like Whoville around Christmas Day. Yes, every Who down in Whoville likes Christmas a lot, but the Grinch (Jim Carrey), who lived just north of Whoville did not. The Grinch hated Christmas, the whole Christmas season.
It could be because his head wasn't screwed on just right or it could be, perhaps, that his shoes were too tight. But I think the most likely reason of all is that maybe have been that his heart was two sizes to small. Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) goes and sees who raised the Grinch who talk about the Grinch and say he wasn't a bad Who, he was just different. Cindy gets told the day at school just before the Grinch was last seen again.