I could go on, but I've already put more creativity into this review than the movie had. And I'm not creative.
I'd give it negative stars if possible. Ten black holes. I had to give it a one though, and that hurt.
Out in the desert reptilian aliens kill a humanoid alien leaving his Laser gun and necklace in a pile of ash. Later that day Billy Duncan finds the gun and necklace and discovers that combined they hold immense destructive power. He sees this as a great opportunity to get revenge on everyone who has done him wrong. 
I think if you consider the general aesthetic of the seventies, you will see that this is the ULTIMATE 70's movie. I regret never seeing it at a drive in.
The episode doesn't run on TV anymore and can't be found on Rhino, though, so it's tough to find. Pretty bad. This movie marked the point I stopped trusting Leonard Maltin altogether.
Too many people take movies seriously these days. Time for people to lighten up and realize that movies don't have to be perfect in order to be fun. Glad Billy blows up a billboard with "Star Wars" on it! Take that Star Wars nerds!
i must be out of my mind giving this movie a rating a 10 out of 10 stars. people might say that i'm crazy, but i realize why Leonard Maltin decide to give this movie a rating 2 1/2 stars for this movie. it's not really bad at all...
Camp: the absurdly ludicrous, the ludicrously absurd. This movie wasn't meant to be taken seriously. It did have some bizarre creatures & stop-motion animation. Worth checking out for that alone. It's a curiosity of the late 70's post-Star Wars craze. It's dated look adds to its appeal. and it's on widescreen DVD!
This may well be the worst movie ever made. It has no perceptible story line, very little, if any plot, and some really poor acting. I can't think of a single positive thing to say about it at all, really, and I have no idea at all why I sat through the whole thing, but I did, and didn't feel cheated at the end,
Confused yet?

Don't bother trying to understand what's going on in this movie, it will just make your head hurt. No good acting, I don't even think it was directed, and written by a chimp with ADD. Do not watch without the safety net of MST3K. 1/10
