OK, I lied to get your attention. This is the worst film ever made.
I would rather watch this movie and Manos, and Red Zone Cuba 40 times than see True Lies twice - for the reason that there is nothing funny about a talented guy making a lousy picture, 
Just how much extra material Lewis filmed to 'complete' this cinematic train-wreck is open to dispute, though the addition of the almost totally pointless 'go-go dancing sequence' about halfway in (some groovy guys and gals lamely doing the Twist) and the irritatingly strident voice-over narration are dead certs.
See this movie. You must, you must. If only to understand what Messrs Rebane and Lewis were trying to say...for my money, what they were trying to say was 'We have no idea what we're doing'.
Okay here is the scoop. This was an unfinished movie that a few added scenes and was edited together almost at random, so it could be used as part of a double feature. 
Only see this movie on Mystery Science Theater 3000. Even then it isn't that good as they don't really have anything to work with.
I'd be hard-pressed to find a more painful film. Nausea-inducing camera twists, seemingly random editing (try and find a scene that has anything to do with the one that preceded it), bad lighting, bad acting, nonexistent writing and a lack of *anything* that makes a good, or coherent film. 
First off, the plot. It's atrocious. There isn't REMOTELY a monster whatsoever in this film. The acting, like other bad movies is also bad as well. This movie overall was bad, so bad that it should've been destroyed after it was done. Overall, a extremely, awful, botched waste of film, and precious time...
Therefore, I would like to recommend this film as a fine sleep aid to anyone suffering from recurring insomnia. If you do decide to watch the film, and manage to remain awake to the conclusion, please refrain from damaging your video equipment if you find the ending...perplexing.
The first time I saw this, I was stunned. Kind of like when you take a test in school and you have no idea how to read Sumerian. The grainy black and white does not make it noir or surreal; it just looks crappy in addition to not being in color.