Many people don't get what the supernatural events were about in this movie. It is normal because it contains elements of common themes of ghosts and ufo. However, it deals with neither. Many of the events of the film makes sense if you understand occult lore of the Middle East surrounding creatures known as the Djinn.
I don't claim to know exactly what the script writer intended with all of those references. I am making an educated guess here based on the similarities (coincidental or intended) between the events of the movie and the ancient mythological narrative.
The Objective is, in many ways, reminiscent of science-fiction movies of old, particularly the 70s. But whether it was intentional of Daniel Myrick or it simply is a coincidence, I wouldn't know. One thing is for sure, the real magic and strength of older science-fiction classics is not fully conjured here.
One of the biggest problem The Objective suffers from is an underdeveloped protagonist and cardboard peripheral characters. One of the secrets to the success of Aliens is that James Cameron, in a much busier storyline, was able to present his space marines as more than mere Alien-hamburgers. In just a few lines, 
This is still a solid effort by Daniel Myrick and commendable on an $8,000,0000 budget. But it seems a less ambitious, more tightly knit plot would have been preferable over too large a scope.
This movie is an amazing blend of science fiction, horror, and thrills.
But the soldiers soon find out that this is just a deception to lure them deep into a remote region of Afghanistan. What follows is a thrilling, scary, and exciting film that almost never lets up until the ending.
This is an excellent mid to low budget Sci-Fi/War movie. What sets this apart from typical mid to low budget sci-fi is the quality of the script/acting/pacing and locations.
It's a very simple sci-fi story very told well. I was glad to have found this movie and you can tell that this was not just another production but that a lot of heart and love went into all stages of it creation.
I just didn't get it, it started so promising. It has created all the supernatural sensations during the first half, added with very good acting and pretty good cinematography. But then it loses. Mainly because nobody would understand what is the objective of the soldiers who are following a horror trail in middle of nowhere.