It is a bit dumb and full of clichés. The story is paint by numbers and you can predict the ending after the 30 minutes. The characters are as stereotyped as possible (ranging from no non-sense cop to diabolical, good looking evil mastermind and very attractive female side-kick).
The best parallel to a recent movie I can think of is The Hangover Part II. Part I was so funny, everyone was going to give Part II a watch, hoping it would top the first installment. Instead you got the sequel trap - recycled jokes (still can be funny), but the bigger budget distracted the director.
After that the plot moves to Miami where the two head off to find a hacker, Ken Jeong who is there to trade comedy with Hart while Cube can get on with the main plot of taking down a crime lord, Benjamin Bratt.
Because Miami is a huge tourist spot that attracts tons of people. Atlanta does not. So of course the film jumps location. Instead of being creative, putting a unique spin on things, or making a memorable movie, Ride Along 2 opts to make a cheap buck. Most people will forget about this movie within a week.
All the action is in the trailer. There's about 3 action scenes and all 3 are not that new or good, they're the type you'd see in standard TV shows. There's some poor computer game animation mixed into one action sequence(cus Kevin Hart's character loves to play computer games) which totally ruins the rhythm of that action sequence and ruins the enjoyment of it. The end action sequence looks like they couldn't be bothered, something you would have gotten in a straight-to-video 80s/90s action flick.
What ever happened to good comedic movies? It seems they died out in the 80's. Every comedy now is about the star falling on his ass or ramming into a tree or face planting on the pavement. So tell me how is this supposed to be funny? I don't like Kevin heart movies because I don't think they're funny but went to watch this with a friend.
Kevin Hart is not funny. He is the most annoying person. His incessant chatter meant to be humorous is grating to the point of wanting to constantly b**ch slap him. Chris Rock is another who has built a film persona of constant chatter, but he is funny and is good with physical humor. Kevin Hart unfortunately does not have these talents. 
Hardly any of Kevin Hart endlessly asking Ice Cube why he doesn't like him which was not funny at all in the first one. Less of Ice Cube sneering at Hart and occasionally even liking Hart which was nice. There were so many dull boring parts in the first one between those two. Much less of that in the 2nd film and this film is much better off for it.
The plot centers around the upcoming wedding, and a mission to bring down a bad guy whose peddling guns, and drugs, and whatever he can peddle illegally. There is a calm little guy who looks like an Aian computer nerd who is trying to help catch the bad guy. I am not sure how well the formula for this movie will keep working, but I see Ride Along 3 is already being made.
This is definitely one of the rare occasions that a comedy (action- comedy or not) exceeds expectations during the sequel. Rush Hour 2 is another one that comes to mind. They gave you a new background, but retained the magic of the original in both part 2s.
This is definitely one of the rare occasions that a comedy (action- comedy or not) exceeds expectations during the sequel. Rush Hour 2 is another one that comes to mind. They gave you a new background, but retained the magic of the original in both part 2s.