The key to enjoying a Scary Movie is to see it as a series of sketches based on popular movies, rather than a stand-alone film. The spoofs are extremely obvious and require as little thought to understand as it must have taken to write them. But as far as juvenile humour and crude visual jokes go, David Zucker does it right. You might question Zucker's actual skills as a director, but I dare you to call any of his movies unfunny. 
I went into this film a little hesitantly...How can there possibly be a fourth Scary Movie that still keeps its humour? Well, it was (half) possible. Although the overall structure isn't as tight as the other three, the jokes are often still 'fresh' and there's a lot of slapstick, which, although predictable, is still funny! Anna Faris (Cindi), as always, is still on top form, as is Regina Hall (Brenda) and together, they deliver some fantastic comedy. 
Scary Movie 4 was hilarious. I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard. Its parodies of films such as "The Grudge", "War of the Worlds", "Brokeback Mountain", "Saw I and II", and "The Village" and many others work well to make an entertaining 80 minute movie. And lets not forget the parodies of celebrities, which includes Tom Cruise and Micheal Jackson.
I went to this movie with very low expectations. After watching the trailers, I thought this looked pretty lame and a real waste of money. Boy was I wrong!! This turned out to be an extremely funny movie, which does an extremely good job at parodying movies such as Saw, Saw II, The Village, The Grudge and War of the Worlds.
The Scary Movie parody wagon has been rolling since 2000, when the Wayans Brothers pooled their considerable comedic talents and came up with a kitchen sink flick that riffed on mainly horror movies — with just a little Matrix thrown in. The second Scary Movie, also from the brothers Wayan, riffed on The Exorcist, The Legend of Hell House, Poltergeist, Little Shop of Horrors, A Nightmare on Elm Street, The Shining, and Hannibal. Non-horror targets included Dirty Harry, Charlie's Angels, Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, and again, The Matrix.
it is still the same group who forms the core of the cast. Worth a look see, however, if you did not care for "Scary Movie 3" I would say you probably won't like this one.
 As for the appearance of 'Michael Jackson' in the film, I'm still laughing every time I think about it - heaven knows how they got away with it, but its certainly a funny moment!! Im' glad that I had seen all the films that this tries to spoof and the re-creation of the sets for War of the Worlds is fantastic. Its so close to the original.
 How is she ever going to escape this scenario? Scary movie 4 is filled with laughs, but cheap laughs as you would expect from a Scary Movie film, but it doesn't make it not fun to watch. So if you find yourself bored with nothing to do...why not see a funny flick. Definitely entertaining and will pass the time. My vote for this film is 6 out of 10.
As I have previously wrote, parody movies are always of the type 'love or hate' it. I am not intellectual, I love cinema as culture, but also as entertainment, so I like this genre. Further, when I see this type of movie, I know exactly what I am going to see: scatological jokes, funny and surrealistic references to other films and definitely a movie that will never be indicated for an Oscar.
Scary Movie 4 was hilarious. I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard. Its parodies of films such as "The Grudge", "War of the Worlds", "Brokeback Mountain", "Saw I and II", and "The Village" and many others work well to make an entertaining 80 minute movie. And lets not forget the parodies of celebrities, which includes Tom Cruise and Micheal Jackson.