First, you should be aware, that Smolensk is not an ordinary conspiracy theory movie, but a political propaganda piece, meant to maintain support of Polish conservative-nationalist rightist political party PiS (Law and Justice).
Be warned, and don't believe a word in this propaganda piece, in which all of Polish movie stars were too ashamed to play - and only the believers took parts, mostly taken from soap operas. Better watch National Geographic investigation instead.
The movie has been destroyed by critics, and so it's no surprise critics were not allowed at the premiere and the was no official screening for the press - the makers of the movie anticipated bad reviews and tried to avoid them for as long as they could.
Unless you do like to hurt your eyes or challenge your IQ, you'd rather want to skip on this one. You have been warned...
In addition to being blatant propaganda, this movie is very poorly made. The screenplay is chaotic, the characters paper-thin and artificial, the music dreadful. The only good part is the archival footage.
This picture, through a mental journey of a fictitious female TV journalist, is suppose to reveal the so called real truth about the airplane crash in Smolensk in 2010, which claimed almost 100 lives of Polish officials on Russian soil, including the presidential couple
Putting aside its conspiracy propaganda lies, this plain weak movie deserves 3/10 rating. So just beware of reviews praising it as 10/10- because it is an amateurish cinema work
 the score is composed properly and to effect and some shots are very pleasing to the eye. Other than that, this film is nothing more that pure propaganda - trying to disprove what has been proved a thousand times already. Unless you are in absolute desperation for a political, action, drama movie, look for something else.
Very inconvenient for previous government (Platforma Obywatelska - Civic Platform with Donald Tusk) who was guilty of too many mistakes and for people supporting that government
Sure, Hollywood productions with 10-50 times bigger budgets give you more bang for those few bucks spent on tickets, but it is worth seeing anyway.
Where is the propaganda? I can't understand all that hate and contempt present in reviews. It makes me question reviewers decency... But in the end everyone has right to express their opinions freely and diversity is an advantage not a disadvantage.
So thank you Andrzej Krauze for your patience, courage and an effort. Thank you for the movie that was simply needed by many Poles I needed it.
