How refreshing to attend a non-animated, G-rated movie and enjoy it! As a 41-year-old woman attending with an 82-year-old friend, I expected a light, pretty, romantic fairy tale, and that's exactly what I got. Never saw the first movie, but the "catch-up" work at the beginning made that a non-issue.
I remember seeing the first movie not expecting much from it, but when I walked out I was pleasantly surprised! When I saw the previews to this movie I thought "Oh god! Another movie ruined by a sequel!" I was slightly wrong in my thinking, because this was in fact a cute, light-hearted, feel-good movie.
What does it mean to be a princess? Besides wearing tiaras and twin sets, dancing at balls…attracting fame and fortune simply for being beautiful? A princess is stuck forever in extended adolescence – she only has the trappings of power. Symbolically, at least, a queen has real power, and does not necessarily need to be beautiful. 
Maybe this movie is enjoyable for the target audience (10-15 year olds), but for everyone else I think it's a waste of time. It was much too long and had a lot of ambiguous scenes added for the little girls watching it. 
Disney have proved yet again why they are a head and shoulders above the competition when it comes to producing movies that aren't admittedly brain food, but are "good clean fun", (if you'll forgive the cliché), for kids. For every little girl who ever dreamed of becoming a princess, this film is the perfect way to spend two hours.
Anyone who liked the first Princess Diaries movie will like this. It's sweet, it's funny, and there are gorgeous men and gorgeous clothes. My best friend and I are in our late 20's and although it was predictable as any chick flick is...it was well worth our 9 dollar admissions. We loved it, and left feeling happy. 
I am teenager residing in Arizona and chose to see this movie when I was on my last day of my cold I was having (meaning, for the youth that really are stupid, I was absent from school). Now, this movie was supposed to be aimed to teenagers and pre-teens, preferably girls. I remember seeing the original and I was just curious to see how they would do the sequel (since most movie's with sequels are really bad). 
I am a frequent visitor to the cinema with my three daughters and I have to sit through films that are regularly panned by the critics. Despite that there is usually a source of escapism in most films that make a visit an enjoyable occasion.
I will just say that the one good thing about this movie is that it's really nice to see Julie Andrews singing again. There is no debating the fact that she has an amazing voice. What does bother me is this increasing trend of teensploitation movies that are appearing regularly in the cinemas. 
You'd think that after 5 years since we last met her, Mia would have developed something close to maturity! I went to see this at the theatre because i quite liked the first movie, however, as is often the case with sequels, it offers nothing new and entertains not.