As expected, the effects were spectacular. The fight scenes were extravagant and fast-paced.
The story though, couldn't keep pace. They kept stopping for a romance that was never developed (and no one really cared). The real thing that brought this movie down though was the constant stooping to this immature level. 
In Psychology, we would take this movie as a perfect example of what we call "reinforcement". If people like it, make more of it. If no one said anything about it, no need to make it again. So, what did everyone (myself included) talked in the first film? Those fights were great. Loved the robots, 
This film is arguably the most highly anticipated release of the summer, and you can see the pressure must have got to Michael Bay with the amount of crap he put into this movie to lengthen it.
Overall, it is fun, but the faults become tiresome and therefore make the film tiresome, especially with its long length (2 and a half hours i believe). Worth Seeing yes, but definitely not the blockbuster monstrosity we were all looking forward to.
i loved the first transformers, the acting/humour was superb and the action was AMAZING. I was super anxious for transformers 2 and after about an hr I was anxious to leave. I couldn't take it anymore, everything was stepped up to a bad degree. Too loud, too much action, too much horrendous jokes and way too many robots!
The first half is largely made of useless footage of Sam at college and annoyingly frequent comedy scenes with his mum. The whole "college" section could have been compressed to about 20 to 25 minutes rather than an hour long.
i loved the first transformers, the acting/humour was superb and the action was AMAZING. I was super anxious for transformers 2 and after about an hr I was anxious to leave. I couldn't take it anymore, everything was stepped up to a bad degree. Too loud, too much action, too much horrendous jokes and way too many robots! 
I'm amazed at some of the reviews on here. Seriously, what did people expect outta this film? Shakespeare? The English Patient? You go to see this for the ridiculous action, awesome special effects and just to have a good time, which is what I had. Yeah, it did seem to overindulge slightly and was slow in parts.
Too much comic relief undermines the dramatic impact of director Michael Bay's visually impressive sequel "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen."
Adapting Transformers into live-action movies is always going to be a bit of a nasty challenge to get right, but I enjoyed most of this action-packed extravaganza. It doesn't have that same magic of seeing Transformers battle for the first time and it seeming like a spectacle, but it makes up for it by having more action and more explosions.
Transformers 2 - LOVED: -The action is mind-blowing. This is what you go to see the film for, and apart from the slow-mo flaw, it's pretty breathtaking and surprisingly violent too; - Sam and his parents are genuinely hilarious.
We all have a feeling of dread when we heard of a sequel going into production when referring to a movie that we enjoyed. Especially if that movie is based on something left over from our childhood. While the first Transformer movie was enjoyable, Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen exceeded all of the expectations I could have possibly had while all the while blowing the first movie out of the water.
But all in all the movie is visually dynamic and has the most outstanding special effects since the last Transformers. It was genuinely entertaining. As for stars i give the explosions 2 stars, the SFX 3 stars, Shia LaBeouf 1 star, Josh Duhamel 1 star and the robots 2 stars leaving the total at 9/10. 