Overall Alvin and the Chimpunks is a surprisingly good movie that is definitely something parents should take their kids to see this Christmas. While maybe not as good as Enchanted this is definitely better than Golden Compass, and kids will lap this up.
(My Comment) I enjoyed this movie because it brought back good memories. I can't believe that their first song was recorded 50 years ago. They have that certain sound that just makes you smile when you hear them. You recognize their sound immediately. The animated characters of Alvin, Simon, and Theodore are lovable now as they were 50 years ago.
There are some morals taught here and you don't always see that with these types of movies. If you are in for some slapstick chipmunk boogie and rock and roll then check this out. I can almost guarantee you that any kid under 12 will love it and it is still enjoyable for adults.
THE CONS: The story is predictable (although typical for most kid's films nowadays). Jason Lee is badly miscast as the Chipmunks' long-suffering songwriter and adopted father, David Seville. Also the "romance" between Dave and his neighbor is too clichéd. We don't need some sort of love story in every single film in my opinion.
Sometimes things need to keep away from the 'big screen'. And this is one of those instances where cartoon is better as cartoon in 30 minute segments rather than a 90 minute CGI. Just like with the movie Garfield, the movie doesn't do anybody justice.
The chipmunks were adorable, yet sometimes blatantly obvious at moving the plot of the story along, and therefore did not tempt me to stay in the theater for longer than half an hour into the film. If you feel you must see this film, rent it, at the most. It is NOT worth eight bucks to see it in theaters, unless you'd like a good laugh at the horrible acting.
I don't know why people has rated this animation such low. By the way to my own opinion this is a great animation. I am giving 10/10 against all other votes to take this one least 0.01 up. The things I see in this animation,
Gotta kid? Then you know all about this movie cause that is all you hear about. It is all I heard about for the last week and so I finally saw it with my cousin who is a mother to a 7 year old- she really wanted to see it first. So, let me say this: There will be no problem letting her 7 year old watch it.
Alvin and the chipmunks. I guess just about anyone that has ever watched television cartoons knows them. Right before their 50th birthday they make another appearance, this time on the cinema screen in a film that just like Garfield (2004) combines live actors and computer graphics. The story of the film is no new one: a guy becomes the more or less unwilling host to the chipmunks as their tree is demolished and together they roll from one adventure into the other.
Oh, and to to all the people defending this film, saying "oh come on, this film isn't that bad" or "This is a good family film" you idiots need to shut up and get a better taste in movies.