This is a really cute, light hearted comedy. The plot may be pretty unrealistic, the ending kooky & unbelievable, and don't get your morals from it, but all in all...it's great fun to watch.
Directed by Leonard Nimoy (Spock, my favourite), this is a generally light, mindless, and entertaining movie that shows how these three 'hunks' & confirmed bachelors are won over by little baby Mary. Switch your brain into neutral and enjoy the ride.
3 Men and a Baby" is a comedy that's cute and funny. Tom Selleck, Steve Guttenberg, and Ted Danson star as three bachelors who live together, and who's lives are changed forever when 
 then the baby eventually starts to win them over. If only the filmmakers threw out the subplot involving drugs, then this film would've been a great comedy. 
Three bachelors have their lives flipped upside down when little baby Mary is left on their doorstep.
A remake of successful 1985 French film Three Men And A Cradle, this Hollywood version took the box office by storm to make a domestic profit of over $155,000,000. It's not hard to see why really.
 Nancy Travis as Mary's mother comes back to claim the child. But come on folks, three beefy bachelors trying to change diapers and entertain a wailing baby has to be charming; surely? 7/10
 Yes, if we are to believe this movie men who do not have a female present have absolutely no idea how to raise a baby are do anything. Not only is this child left in the care of one guy, but three all of which have no clue how to raise a baby and are completely lost, so all three roommates were only children are had no younger siblings
  I like Ted Danson, but he is basically doing his Sam Malone here, in fact in every movie he was in during this era he was usually in Sam Malone character. However, he is the best thing in the movie and has the funniest moments while Selleck and Guttenberg play lame clueless idiots.
THREE MEN AND A BABY frequently threatens to veer into cheesy sentimentality, particularly at the climax, but that it never becomes too overwhelming is testament to its success as a film.