It took my wife nearly a week of constant begging to take her to see Eclipse. After having endured the first two movies and the subsequent years of self therapy to erase the memory, it took a lot of persuasion to guilt trip me into seeing this one as well.
Needless to say, I entered the movie theatre mentally preparing myself for two hours of torture. Frankly, Eclipse was just as bad as I had expected despite reassurances from female co-workers that "It is much better than the last one... honest." I've never read the books nor do I plan to. I know nothing of the author however, I'm guessing she started writing this stuff when she was a twelve year old girl with delusions of what love should be.
This entire movie is nothing more than a very poorly written romantic dilemma, wrapped in a weak premise of vampire and werewolves in an attempt to lure extra interest. So far as stories go this one has no vigour or power what-so-ever. Depth? I've stepped in deeper puddles.
In summary? Women are from Venus and men are from Mars. If you're a guy, you'll hate this. If you're a woman... you might like it. I'm not trying to belittle the sexes, it's just that type of movie.
It's just a plain awful movie and there is nothing good about it. The acting is weak, the visual effects are poor (the second one had better production value but the fact still remains that surely that is not a decisive factor in generating an audience), and the story itself is so mild. I'm not even going to harp on the issue that it holds completely
It's just a weak update on Romeo & Juliet aimed at generating teen female obsession. Anyone who is not a die-hard tween fan, that I've ever spoken too, concurs that they just don't get it.
As bad as the first Twilight was this is a whole new level. The bland and tedious characters lack chemistry, life, personality which sort of makes sense because most of them are undead.
Bland from start to finish and painful to anyone who genuinely likes good films. If you are brave enough to see it I recommend drinking something that will erase the memory and numb the pain afterward.
OK, my experience in seeing this movie was particularly excruciating because I was stuck in a theatre of people who kept either groaning, cooing, or yelling advice to the characters on screen at the top of their lungs. But even with that aside, what few other people will be likely to say still deserves to be said: this movie sucked big hairy werewolf balls
Quite simply, I am so OVER Twilight man. I'm done. That's it. Up until this point I'd actually been quite enjoying the franchise, but the abomination of this third installment has soured my interest so much that...you know what? I'm going to go watch Little Ashes, because the sight of Robert Pattinson making out with a guy is just what I need to shoot dead anything that reminds me of this idiotic movie. Awful.