2 January 2010
Today I had to sit through this movie several times. :-(
As an adult, it wasn't funny or entertaining. But what amused me was the reaction from the kids in the audiences. Almost none of the kids laughed out loud during the matinée viewing (the showing with the most kids in attendance). 
After all the negative reviews I read, I went in with pretty low expectations. Perhaps that's why I ended up giving up a 7.
Look, this is not Hamlet, Citizen Kane or Duck Soup. This is a PG film that as close to being family friendly than I have seen. I can only imagine the PG rating was due to the fact that the chipettes were darn right sexy - I didn't hear any vulgarity, see any nudity, violence or adult situations.
The 3 on IMDb is a bit misleading. This is a film for children, not a campaign to win an Academy Award! Obviously there are people out there who take things a little toooooo seriously when rating kid's movies.
My 11 year old daughter writes the following: the movie was great.
I can honestly say the movie itself was only decent, I did expect better and this is coming from a huge fan of the chipmunks, dating back to the early 80's when the cartoon series reined. I enjoyed the first 3D chipmunk movie, I watched it a few times and there wasn't too much with it that I did not like. But this movie... it had me smile a few times, other times it kinda let me down because it did not live up to my expectations.
I have to laugh at the comments about "not having substance." Um, this is 'Alvin and the Chipmunks,' right? If you really are concerned about what "messages" this movie is sending your children (or....yourself?), then there is a plain, easy-to-grasp theme about family and friends sticking together. I'm not sure what else you want.
The moral lesson to be taught is about learning to be selfless and considerate of others. This is explored through Alvin and his ego problem, and the consequences it has on his friends and family. Other characters have their own arcs as well, and they read clear and convincingly.
I was about as excited about watching The Squeakquel as Marie Antoinette was about walking to the guillotine. From the trailer alone, you can tell this was made with the hope of making a quick buck with as little quality as possible. It succeeded, as it made millions of quick bucks at the box office and it just made another when my mother decided to buy the DVD. We decided to spend quality time together watching this thing, and after wasting precious minutes of my life with bad jokes and a stale plot, I have decided to review it.
I really enjoyed this film, but mostly because I went in with the expectation that I would have an hour and a half of laughs and general fun, not a serious film. I have seen the first film, and this isn't as good as it, but probably because film makers always use up all there best ideas in the first films, very few sequels live up to or surpass the originals.
This movie was a terrible movie, even for children. I am 15 and had to bring my younger brother to this. Even he didn't enjoy this movie. Watch the three chipmunks attempt to "survive" high school.