I've read all the books. I know what happens. This never ruins a film for me.
Really tossing up between 3 and 4 stars. Mmm. I guess a movie's highlight shouldn't be how low it sinks. 3.
I will preface this review by saying that I have not read any of the twilight books, but I did watch the first movie before going to see this film, and I am looking at the series purely from a cinematic stand-point.
That being said, I thought this movie was a massive failure. The entire movie was very slow, long, and awkward. As I was watching it, it really felt like I was just watching a very long book unfold on screen, rather than a movie that is BASED on a book. To die-hard fans of the book, this could be considered a good thing, because all the fans really wanted to see was a movie that depicted all of the events of the book and followed it closely. By what I heard from book fans it seemed to have succeeded in that regard, but that is not at all to the film's credit. The film just moved from one scene
All in all, I did enjoy a few scenes in this movie, but as a whole it was slow, incoherent, poorly acted, and a bit uncomfortable. If you're a die-hard fan of the book, there's a chance you'll love it but if you're looking for a truly cinematic experience, this isn't it.
well to start off, I've read all four books, and saw the first movie which i loathed.It had horrible acting, and cringe-worthy dialogue. so i was extremely disappointed with that one.I saw the trailer for new moon and became very anxious to see it. i was hoping it would be better since they got a new director......well i was wrong.i got my tickets in advance.
the ending was bad to. they cut too many scenes from the book that would make a big difference to. so overall I'm disappointed. why this is such a big franchise i have no idea. fans are too obsessed, boggles my mind.i was left dissatisfied, but of course the rabid fan base will approve.
I saw it last night and what a disappointment !!!
Its a 130min gushy of a troubled Bella who swings between Edward an Jacob, looking for the who she loves more. It's all about Looonnnggg closeups of Bella and Edward kissing, or attempting to do so, an on the other side, there is the Looonnnggg fixation of Jacob for Bella and their Looonnnggg staring and trying to kiss each other.
Well, my lovely lady wife has been waiting for this movie since Twilight, and is a huge fan of the books, I thought I would keep her company. We saw the Twilight when it first came out, and I wasn't really impressed with that, so though, hey ho, go in with low expectations and hopefully I would be surprised.