What the hell is Phoenix Forgotten, you ask? Well, dear reader, that is a great question. I had never heard of this movie until it appeared on the release schedule a couple of weeks ago. I never saw a single trailer or commercial for it. It features a cast of unknowns, is from a first-time director (Justin Barber) and was even released from a first-time distributor (Cinelou Films). Yet somehow, this pile of nonsense was given a nationwide theatrical release
This movie is truly a waste of your time. The acting, plot, and production are all below average. I have no idea why this film has a rating of a 5 of 10 it in no way deserves it.
 The twist (not a spoiler, just a little background explanation) is that this movie takes a mystery based on actual events and builds a story around those events that makes what you're seeing seem real, or at least plausible.
I'm not sure if Phoenix Forgotten marks, much more than even last year's "soft reboot/sequel" of Blair Witch, the "found footage" sub-type or genre of horror, the full circle of what it's been all about. The funny thing is that this is not entirely even found footage; it is actually, to go back further, indebted too to what Blair Witch was itself doing an homage to, Cannibal Holocaust, 
In the literary world, plagiarism can end a career - in the movie industry, it's just another way to fleece the public. The makers of 'Phoenix Forgotten' show off their cynicism and creative bankruptcy by churning out an anemic Sci-Fi version of 'The Blair Witch Project' without offering a single moment of originality or vitality.
Honestly, the movie really takes a while for the story to get jumping. The documentary made on the missing kids is not that interesting yet effective in setting up the Hi-8 footage of the three missing kids. Getting to know these kids is actually not as interesting as watching that last 20-30minutes when the film indeed becomes like the Blair Witch Project.
The premise (even though it was a blatant Blair Witch ripoff) STILL had potential though. To take that long to get to the good part then RUSH the potential good part! What were they thinking?! Don't bother... this wasn't good at all. 
I give it a 2 for having real footage of the governor of Arizona in it... but that's it. 
" Based on shocking(?) Untold True Events(??) "
The events are about as shocking as stale popcorn, the story was untold because the screenwriters have just recently written it, and the events are about as true as can be expected from a found footage flick, especially in this day and age. 
 If it were based on a true story, it found the wrong arena to present it's case. It should've stayed on the billboard shown in the project. A movie theater was no place for this haphazard attempt at finding the missing kids. This was a waste of time we can't get back, not to mention not being worth the cost of admission.
 It continues to haunt me days after I've seen the film, and has me hooked on wanting to see it again. One thing: this film is definitely meant to ideally be seen on a big screen with a great sound system (especially for the ending "payoff"/explanation section), and I was lucky enough to see it that way. While I do think it would still be a good film to watch at home (especially with the lights out on a very dark night), if you can see it in a theater with great sound I recommend doing so.