`It avoids having the standard shoot-'em-up ending,' says a friend of mine, `by not having an ending.' I suppose this is what most people think, but all the same the film manages to form a satisfying whole; or at least, a whole that satisfies me. I'm therefore inclined to think it DOES have an ending. Obviously, I can't discuss this without giving things away to those few who don't know what happens. If you're one of those few, then believe me: your ignorance is precious enough to be worth guarding until you see the film. Stop reading now.
My wife and I watched all three of the movies on DVD this week -- Star Wars, Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi -- compliments of our local public library. It was an appropriate reminder how good these movies are, and still ahead of their time. Nothing else has been made to compare to them.
Even though he wasn't at the director's helm this time, George Lucas has done it again.
An excellent sequel to Star Wars, this is easily the darkest and most serious out of all the Star Wars films, at least until Revenge of the Sith comes out.
I cannot believe some people out there didn't like this film, yet claim to have enjoyed Episode One. No comparison whatsoever. "The Empire Strike Back" is George Lucas' best contribution to human history, and it will be remembered long after most other science fiction films have gone the way of the Do-Do Bird.
One of the best movies of all!
The sequel to Star Wars is argueably the best of all the Star Wars films.This is much darker than the 1st one.Look for the Super Star Destroyer,it is a awesome ship.
finest of the trilogy because Lucas didn't write the script
While the Titanic made all the rich people (with the exception of Molly Brown and Rose) automatically uncaring, snobby, and thoughtless just because they were rich and needed a couple of villains for the story, The Empire Strikes Back did not portray "the villain" in a completely evil light. Sympathy is induced when we see the back of Darth Vader's scarred and pasty head. When he tells Luke of their blood relationship, some feeling is allowed to creep in, telling us that he is not just some maniacal killing machine, but a human, fallen from grace, yet able to retain some sense of love, however twisted it may be.
More than 20 times viewed and it NEVER gets old