It has finally come...yes, the final installment of the gushy billion-dollar making series made famous by Stephenie Meyer. Mehtunately (a cross between "unfortunately" and "fortunately"), I have read the books and knew what to expect.
This is the first time I sat in a theatre to watch a Twilight movie. I think the theatre experience maybe helped me enjoy the film more than I should have. Nevertheless, Breaking Dawn Part II is not only the best entry in the franchise, it's also the worst. How can that be? For a good 20 minutes, the film tries to be daring and does something different. Yet it is all undone by playing it safe and ruining what came before it
This movie cost a reported $120,000,000. In only 2 weeks, it's already doubled that take at the box office, but what I'd like to know is where all that money went. Not on sets or locations, since it's mainly set in the woods. Elegant costumes, to be sure, but you're not gonna blow 9 digits' worth of bucks on epaulets. The effects are sparse and nothing special. Fersher not on the writing (execrable screenplay by Melissa Rosenberg).
I have to admit, I've never seen any of the Twilight movies previous to this one. Accompanied my girlfriend on this one since she went with me to see Skyfall...
I can't believe I sat through this entire movie. I can't believe Stephanie Meyer approves of it. I can't believe the acting is so dreadful. I can't believe some people actually think this is an all-right, let alone great, ending to the movie franchise. Admittedly, I am inclined to be negatively critical of movies that are not faithful to the original story or characters on which they are based - especially if I liked the original.
The performances were mediocre as opposed to the hitherto awful monotony that the cast put up in the past four movies except Pattinson,. who still continues to look jaded, but you can't really blame him. 
Well, it's over. For some it's sad. No more shirtless Taylor Lautner (he strips all the way down to his skivvies in this one). No more cheesy- looking CGI that laughably tries to convince us that these vampires are kin to The Flash.
The only redeeming factors were one very funny Wilhelm scream, which no one else in the cinema seemed to appreciate, one or two slightly funny lines that may have non-Twihards curling the corner of their mouths a bit, and slightly improved acting.
Admittedly, it's amusing to see the much-awaited culmination of the Volturi's mercilessness and the Cullen's protective righteousness. The highly anticipated, skull-ripping campaign isn't without unexpected and momentous casualties. An unfortunate twist surrounds this momentary enthusiasm and welcome realization of acerbity and violence, however, revealing a method of misdirection tantamount to storytelling treason – which will unavoidably displease the casual or uneducated viewer (namely those not familiar with the book, should they exist in crowds for this release).
I gave it 4 stars only because I'm rounding up from the 3.5 it probably deserves. The first hour and a quarter the movie was cheesy and with horrible lines ("you nicknamed my daughter after the loch Ness monster?) but in my opinion the acting was at least better than the rest. The CGI of the baby and little girl was so horrible I was actually embarrassed for the actors in the scenes who couldn't have known during shooting how silly they would look interacting with it. It was simply awful.