They just can not act, I do not know why they still getting with this girl but she is terrible actor, she can't transmit her emotions and that is the first opposite for an actor, it just was boring.
The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 is a horrible film, and the worst one from the saga so far. To start with, this first episode of the fourth part introduces new elements only to leave them aside and waste their potential, and the story feels terribly boring.
Bill Condon has achieved the seemingly impossible task of filming that which had been deemed 'unfilmable'. I am being forced at this point to continue writing when in fact I have nothing more to say about this boring sequel of a film called Breaking Dawn. According to the rules ones' review must be at least 10 lines minimum. So what you're reading right now is the completely unnecessary and unpleasantly annoying filler, mandated by IMDb.
The book ending for Eclipse (with Jacob running away after receiving the invite to Bella & Edward's wedding), which was left out of the Eclipse film, is where we begin this movie.
To rate this movie I think I should split my opinion in two: The twilighter side and the neutral side. Read the part that better mirrors your attitude.
I am being forced at this point to continue writing when in fact I have nothing more to say about this boring sequel of a film called Breaking Dawn. According to the rules ones' review must be at least 10 lines minimum. So what you're reading right now is the completely unnecessary and unpleasantly annoying filler, mandated by IMDb.
I know I'm late in reviewing this and probably no one is reading this review, but I had a hot date for this one and I couldn't say no. She really wanted to see this, and she had a thrill in dragging me along despite me not wanting to see this at all. I was never going to see this or any Twilight movie for that matter. She loved this one. I did not.
They did IT and the impossible became possible. Bella became pregnant (as seen in the trailer) and then the baby is killing Bella, taking her nutrients and we see an unhealthy Bella for around 40 minutes.
I've read the books; although they are sexist and were clearly written for the immature female reader, I still enjoyed them. It was just so easy and fun to re-live the first-crush-drama and all the hormonal feelings through Bella. This have said, the books still have some interesting details and plot twists that could satisfy even a more demanding reader.
It's like the director has given up of making a good movie. What's the point anyway? The emo-teenage-girl the franchise is supposed to speak to will go to see the movie either way. It will earn money whether you put in the work or not.
it's insulting and absolutely horrible. I have to cut the comment off but just trust me, I could go on about how bad this movie is but we'll sum it up by saying: skip it.
It is a sad world in which such talentless display of acting, screenplay and direction gets any recognition whatsoever. 
You do not care about any of the characters, nor is there any chemistry between the supposed lovers Bella and Edward, calling it wooden would be a compliment,instead it is a bored and effortless "going through the motions and I could not care less performance..." Exhibiting with that a huge disrespect for their audience..