Let me preface this by saying I'm a big Transformers fan. I love the series. I love the concept. I loved the animated series that used to air on TV. I even loved the previous Transformers movies. (Well, maybe not the third one, but I thought it was okay.) It is one of my favorite franchises and I just watched it being butchered for over two and a half hours.
Worst of the transformers movies. Was okay until about a 3rd of the way through. Mark Wahlberg was better than Shia, but the movie was bloated with too many similar scenes.
Ahhh where to start. I usually don't write reviews. But yesterday's disappointment in watching this had to be expressed either through punching an anvil, or writing this review. But i need my hands this week so I'm going to write a review.
I am a fan of transformers, i loved the cartoon series and the first and second blockbuster hit.
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I only went to the release because some parts were filmed in Detroit. The first hour was plot driven and tolerable to watch. Wahlberg is always fun to watch and the main chick is cute but the last 1.5 hours is straight action and no plot and I wanted to walk out before I had a seizure.
 You could take away 100 of the 166 minutes and still have the same result. The fights are a constant mess where you cant really root for someone cause you cant really understand who is doing what. All in all I spent more than half the movie trying to understand where it was going and praying for it to end.
Set five years after Dark of the Moon, Transformers: Age of Extinction sets out to continue the franchise, taking a new path in more than one way. Lots of explosions, action scenes and robots wrecking cities up and we've got ourselves the fourth one.
Don't watch it. Extremely long, extremely boring. How many more parts are they gonna make? The story is very confusing and not well thought-through.
this is the really the worst movie i have seen this year.Let me make this short .It is extremely boring .I wanted to get out of the theater is mid way.plot is confusing.action and graphics are excellent,but whats the point when there is no story.above average acting,repeatedly irritating jokes,unnecessary music 
This movie is more akin to dangling the keys in front of an infant, it has just as much noise and sparkle and just as little substance.
Tough if you like a confused plot, bad performances, disgusting monologue, horrible mindless action, horrible comedy, really bad timing, terrible editing and getting your energy sucked out slowly and brutally during what feels like eons... Then by all means, go waste your money.
