To compare Wild Hogs to comedic greats and classic movies about mid-life crisis would be absolutely foolish. Sitting back and enjoying the wild ride is your best choice in getting the full enjoyment out of this flick. Containing a diverse cast that works quite well, a handful of funny cameos, tons of predictable yet enjoyable scenarios, 
The premise is something we've all seen before, yet it can still be done well with the right group of people. Mixing John Travolta, Martin Lawrence, Tim Allen, and William H. Macy is something that truly would not, and could not have been predicted by anybody. Nonetheless, this unique quartet does a fantastic job. Not one actor is overused or overacting
The laughs in here are present pretty much throughout the film, and it ranges from funny little one-liners, to physical comedy, to lowbrow comedy, to even a bit of absurdity. A bit of it is predictable, yet some of it comes flying out of nowhere (literally and figuratively). We have a nice bit of cinematography to capture some of it,
We don't have Oscar material in the least bit, but we have material that will spark laughing riots from the audience time and time again. Like most decent comedies of this decade, its best not to be taken seriously, 
Critics have been panning Wild Hogs in their writings. I have read a lot of negative response from the same goof-balls that have promoted some very bad movies. Sometimes I wonder if they are on certain payrolls to give a certain vote towards a movie. With that said---Wild Hogs is absolutely wonderful.In today's day of poor comedies
Four guys in their late forties - probably more early fifties ... ;-) – go through their midlife crisis. No matter if loving, nagging or no wife, life is just not what it used to be – or ever was. 
Like so many others in the Theater I could not stop laughing. Even when tears were abundant running down my cheeks and my side hurt. Luckily everyone else was just as loud with laughter so I was not the only laughing fool in the place. With this group I didn't know quite what to expect as sometimes they are funny and sometimes not so much
Being an avid middle aged Harley Rider, I loved the movie, as did the rest of the sold out audience at the Sneak Preview. Not many flicks get a full round of applause at the end... This one did, and it was well deserved.
Go see the movie.... You will enjoy it!
I just got back from the theater and I gotta say, Wild Hogs was hilarious!It's a great mid-life-crisis type movie. Good, plain old funny. Making straight-up funny jokes like peeing on the side of the road and phrases like "...If we're gonna drink p***, we're gonna drink it cold!".