19 November 2015
Absolutely Anything is a funny enough light comedy that seems better thanks to its notorious cast but unfortunately is a bit subdued to 'wow'.
A group of aliens decide to put the fate of the world in the hands of one random guy by giving him the power to make anything happen as a test towards predicting the values of humanity.
This film features a comedian cast list that could bankroll a small country. But even together they could not make a film I want to ever watch again. 
I imagine their pay-cheques were so high, they could not afford to venture out of his apartment, as thats where 75% of the film is set. They have a few scenes in a school cafeteria and one in a studio for a TV show, but alas neither of them has Simon's character in them. 
To me, Absolutely Anything is a very unique comedy. This didn't seem like a film I would normally like, I figured aliens in a comedy would be pretty stupid. The 6.0 rating was also kind of off putting but I decided to give it a go as I generally like Simon Pegg films.
8.25 of 10. Amusing, alien-based soft-science fiction. Not as intricate as Douglas Adams' classic Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy or its 2005 adaptation, but delivers in almost every other way. It's too bad it wasn't developed a little more and made into a longer film.
What should I start with ? Oh, yes, I don't really get the mediocre score and reviews for this movie. Yeah, it's not another Holymollywood show (thank heavens!), it's not amazing in any way, but it does great at being a simple, enjoyable and funny movie to watch with your family. Both Simon Pegg and Kate are lovely to watch here. 
This film follows a man named Neil Clarke (Simon Pegg) and his story after being granted the ability to get whatever he wishes for by a group of aliens as an experiment.
The absolute power of wish fulfillment has been connected to many beings, genie and god among others, but now even aliens can make one's wish come true. Absolutely Anything is a simple film blessed with nifty premise and charming charismatic lead in Simon Pegg. It's a light casual watch that surprisingly heartwarming and incredibly witty beyond the occasional quirky display, even though the premise doesn't have much depth.
Maybe I'm easily pleased ( compared to some reviews ) but, I found this film hugely entertaining! Corollaries with this and 'Bruce Almighty' are, in my opinion, misplaced. It's much funnier.
I confess, I am a major Simon Pegg fan and he doesn't disappoint! The anthropomorphism of the dog, 'Dennis' is a superb 'observation' by the writer. Biscuits, sex and someone at the door, are priceless.
I highly recommend this film, though not for kids.
Look at the IMDb Parents Guide (I tried to get it on Common Sense Media, but it wouldn't work).