Arnie is back in possibly the best performance of his career.
Plot In A Paragraph: Two strangers' lives become inextricably bound together after a devastating plane crash.
I really enjoyed it
This was a very interesting experience, to watch an Arnold Schwarzenegger film without laughing or thinking "damn what a bad ass". Instead the film is emotionally tough and Arnold really pulls it off to make you feel pitiful and sad from the opening sequence. And the film becomes interesting by showing two perspectives of a very complicated and sad situation.
Don't expect any Terminators jumping around in this movie. The plot is somewhat new, and not a used up scenario you find in every second movie.
It's a movie that goes a bit deeper than the usual special effects movies these days.
I did not find this movie boring as some stated, it got a slow pace but well thought. 
I've read the other reviews and they range in numerical rating from 1/10 to 10/10. Does that say a lot about the Film itself, or the people reviewing the film? I say with confidence, the latter.
My take away from this film wasn't so much the legendary Arnold Schwarzenegger, (whom I simply admire as one of Hollywood's best) but how does one deal with and guilt and grief. From the viewpoint of the Air traffic controller, I totally understood his guilt, blaming himself for the mid-air collision and carrying such a heavy load of lost life on his conscious.
Now that I've bashed the movie some, I do want to reiterate that this is a good movie and is done probably as well as a story like this could have ever been. It is hard to watch sometimes because of how heavy the material gets, but it is still worth praising for how it handled the material and its characters. If you think you can handle something like this then make sure you watch a lighthearted comedy after so you don't end up in a funk for the rest of your day. This is a downer.
My final thoughts on the movie is that people should see it it's just 94 minutes and the 2 main leads gave 2 amazing performances and once the movie comes out on DVD i'm definitely buying it for sure. (A+)
With AFTERMATH there is an element of trying too hard. A film inspired by true events where a character has lost everything and decides to hit out is probably something produced with Arnold in mind from the 1980s ala THE EXTERMINATOR type exploitation , but AFTERMATH isn't some sort of vigilante commercial blockbuster. Instead it's an indie type drama keeping in style and the tone of the 1995 Jack Nicholson film THE CROSSING GUARD with the sensation of loss and grief to the fore 
ar Christmas, the construction foreman Roman (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is eager to welcome his wife and pregnant daughter that are coming home. When he arrives at the airport, he is informed that their plane has crashed with no survivors, destroying his life.
The air traffic controller Jacob "Jake" Bonaos (Scoot McNairy) commits an error and two planes collide. Jake is forced to have another identity and move to another town, being separated from his beloved wife Christina (Maggie Grace) and son.
A construction foreman is overwhelmed with grief when his wife and daughter are killed in a midair collision. 
Disgusted by the fact that nobody will take responsibility or apologise for the incident, he eventually seeks revenge on the air-traffic controller who was on duty that day......
t's a slow burner for sure, but then the grieving process is slow and hard, so the pace of the film fits the content. 
The final third is tragic, and just shows how much loss and mistakes can affect ones mental stability.
Many people will baulk because it's Commando in a drama, but if you come across it, please seek it out, it's pretty solid stuff.