Assassin's Creed is about a corporation who wants to unlock history's dark secrets. They plan on achieving it by using a device called the animus that uses the blood of the target's descendant to create a virtual environment of the ancestor's memory. The corporation is run by the Templars and their counterpart are called the Assassins
As many others I played the Assassins Creed games and was looking forward to this film however it is safe to say that I was extremely disappointed. No matter if you have played the games or not this film was awful. First things first the script is poor. If I hadn't played the games I would have struggled to understand many of the references.
I watched this movie with apprehension because of the bad reviews by critics. But I did enjoy the movie and I don't even play video games. And the reasons why I liked this movie is because: 1. Action scenes and chase scenes are very good and fast paced. 2. Acting by the cast was superb - Fassbender, Cotillard and co. 3. Visual effects are good.
This film was like walking down the street and someone walks up to you and starts having a conversation but, they start the conversation in the middle and you don't know what the hell they are talking about because they never stop to explain what they are saying.
Too much over-analyzing. Very little of what is put out these days is in any way realistic. I'm not looking for realistic when I go see a movie; I'm looking for an escape from the daily grind. I'm not a gamer and decided to see the movie since I'm familiar with Michael Fassbender and I like his work. I chose to see the 3D version, which I rarely do, and am glad I did. It was a thoroughly enjoyable movie! Kudos to Damien Walters for the stunt work--great to watch.
The parkour, the animus, the outfits, the scenes and the story was all an amazing representation of Assassin's Creed. It made justice to the game completely. If you are a fan of the games, you'll truly enjoy this film to its fullest potential. Lastly, Fassbender's performance was amazing and the assassin girl was crazy good.
So the new year has kicked off and many were hyped to see the video game turned movie.
Let me just say save your money this flat movie is designed to get the gamers' to the movies and then be bored for the entire time.
Save your money for something else that won't have you checking for the exits within 30 minutes and kicking yourself at 50 minutes for not running to the nearest exit.
No man, no, come on Fassbender, not from you. I didn't see this coming at all. And I am disappointed with Marion too. Why would she do such a movie? Bad script with bad direction, i mean the audience is much smarter than some silly fights or stunts and even the visual effects weren't good too. 
OK, I love AC games and the whole AC universe. The first game was a bit boring but thanks to Ezio's trilogy I learnt this wonderful world and have been experiencing till today, in AC comics.
And I found this movie such a generic borefest.