During its time, Baywatch was the most watched, most talked about, most hyped and most commercially successful venture on modern television. It is therefore quite strange to see its low rating on IMDb and its extensive criticism from wannabe critics.
The reason people watch Baywatch is because of the amount of human flesh on show. Red-blooded males such as myself tuned in back in 1989 to see women in bikini's and I am sure there were probably many females who adored David Hasselhoff.
Once the world's most-watched TV programme, Baywatch has become a significant part of television history.
Okay, so it's not known for great plots (except maybe for the first few years) and brilliant acting, but, once upon a time, EVERYONE watched it.
In a nutshell, this is the kind of show, that is totally harmless to people. It gives us a lot to stare at and a lot to laugh at, which is something many intentionally humoristic shows really don't give us. I have to say, it's no wonder that Borat fell in love with Pamela Anderson.
Of course many other stars were hot: Erika Eleniak, Carmen Electra, Nicole Eggert, David Charvet or David Chokachi. But Pam and Yasmine were the reasons why millions of people all over the world watched Baywatch. In fact, when they both left the show to go on with their careers beyond the beach, many people stopped to see the show. Poor Hasselhoff...
1. You have superstud David Hasselhoff(whom I liked as Michael on "Knight Rider"),and others plastic silicons which killed the series which spun off two installments("Baywatch Nights" and "Baywatch Hawaii") under the production standards of Mr. Hasselhoff himself(whom serves as executive producer of the both spin offs as well as this series).
So the writing wasn't of an A class standard, but the show last for over 10 seasons so you can't say that some people or should i say alot of people didn't like it or else it wouldn't have lasted that long. Here's just a summary of a few of the characters and why they made Baywatch so fun to watch and enjoy.
 Not that he is a terribly bad actor, but they like him more for his singing ability...which is terrible. All in all it isn't a show to take to seriously, in fact it is a show you can watch five minutes of and then flip to something else and maybe flip back to it to see if they are running down the beach in slow motion
I'ts a guilty pleasure to watch Baywatch.
But gorgeous babes and good music aside, a lot in this show sucked.
Each episode last 40 minutes but they only have a plot for 25 sometimes 30 minutes. To fill out the void they showed music videos for a total time of ten minutes per episode.