The word on the street was that this was a riff on one of my all-time favorite films, Forbidden Kingdom 2008, so I could not resist checking it out.
Let's start with what Warriors Gate was intended to be, and work from that.
A bit funny, but trying too hard only to give us a mindless entertainment. With the presence of a very good actor Dave Bautista and an action-packed trailer, 
It may wear its tag of being the first significant 'French-Chinese co-production' proudly on its sleeve, but 'The Warrior's Gate' is really no more than a rehash of another East-meets-West action comedy that you may remember from about a decade ago called 'The Forbidden Kingdom'. 
 Chao and Ni Ni also have good chemistry between them, such that we root for the Shelton and Chao as well as Shelton and Ni Ni as buddies and lovers respectively from two different eras. As long as you keep your expectations right, you won't end up disappointed, which is pretty much already an accomplishment for a movie like this that you're probably thinking will bomb.
Kills Time with Enjoyable Action and Fun The movie actually surprised in Liberal 2017 Social Justice Anti-Certain culture Hollywood.
It's a bit like old school 90's film. A teen becomes a hero by going back in time and becoming somewhat of a fighter. That is all you really need to know.
 i wish the movie took place more in the Present day than the Past but overall i laughed a lot and the action was really cool plus the Opening was pretty EPIC it's not for everyone sure but don't listen to critics or some of the reviewers in here just judge it on your own interests.
THe title says it all.
Hoenstly folks , even I grew up watching a ( white) kid in king arthurs court and the various spin offs.
I have seen so many anime, that the whole going to a world not your own, whisked away against your will, motif, loses its luster.
This is maybe the worst movie of 2016... wait this was made in 2016? It looks like a 90s Nickelodeon straight to DVD movie with CGI that was made from 3D Movie Maker program.
The acting is not to bad if this was 1995. (sadly it's 2016 made) The over all plot is good and would make for a nice story. (if done correctly)sadly it wasn't
Acting is above average for this kind of movie. The main protagonist Jack played by Uriah Shelton is quite likable as the bullied video game geek who gets involved in an adventure in China. Chinese actress Ni Ni is pretty and acts well in the comic parts. Her English diction is good. Taiwanese actor Mark Chao is a convincing warrior Zhao.