 Instead of spending money in smoke effects and ridiculous studio filmed motorcycle scenes with fans they could have done a better job with the editing and the screenplay. The flow is chunky because of the short screen time. 400 pages squeezed into 1 hour and 30 minutes and the result is rushed, badly produced, and forgettable. Fallen could have stood a chance if the production company had tried harder.
I have read this book for year after year. I read the whole serious numerous times. But I have never been so disappointed in my life watching this movie, It was completely ruined. I waited a long time for this movie and now that I have seen it I wish I didn't because it is nothing like the book, poor acting and graphics and scenes that were completely different including the end scene. I said what the hell at least 4 times a minute.
 But I do wonder why is the "white peonies" does not appear in the scenes because that symbolize the love between Luce and Daniel. Overall, the whole movie is okay....and I love both of them, Jeremy Irvine and Addison Timlin plays the character of Daniel and Lucinda....
They said they would take care of her. What happened to the girl? Did she survive? The movie left me with more question than answers. The movie could have been so much better. There was too much focus on on it being artsy, not enough on the story line. The plot had no end.
 I mean maybe if I hadn't have read the books I may have enjoyed it a little more but I would have had SOOOOOOOO many more questions if I didn't know what was going on already. I doubt it will get any sequels due to the fans of the books not enjoying the movie. I would like to see if they could get better as the Twilight movies did but I don't think they will take that chance.
I was slightly disappointed how quickly it ended. It did feel complete but by human habit it didn't for filling the spot. That's why I recommend for the next movie to be made. Highly recommend it.
If it was recreated to a series I feel as though it would be a run down like The Secret Circle. So over all I would watch it over and over again until the last book is recreated.
why this movie got a very low rating?? not as good as novel?come on all movies made from novel always lack a feeling when compare to novel version but this doesn't mean this movie is bad .This deserve more than 5.9 :(.The ending is a bit fast.Whatever looking forward the next movie .waiting waiting
 still feel like they did and overall good job. I'm really happy I got to see it and I hope they really do make that sequel. Bummer that for some reason it wasn't shown in cinemas, just kinda feels like they had some bad luck with the advertisement for the movie. Either way it's definitely worth the watch, it might not amaze you but it will not leave you high and dry.
Something wrong with this rating system. 30% rate this a 10????? Come on now! That is complete nonsense. The rest of the ratings from 1 to 9 are average and 30% rate it far above any of the others. I smell a rat!!! This movie sucks big time! No way on earth normal sane people would vote this a 10!!!
P.S : I think the main problem is the distributors which not-so-active promoting the film, plus I just think Jeremy Irvine failed to catch an attractiveness to young girls or even Daniel's character as he is described in the book. 
But, plus thing is : I love the song on the bon fire party, and still looking for the tracklist of it. It's really catchy, seriously.