The only reason they keep making these films is because idiots keep buying tickets to go watch this movie. Horrible ratings and people still stand by and defend it. Stop giving a movie high ratings because it increases your hormone levels you horny animals lol
While not having particularly high expectations, it must be said, I did go into this film with an open mind. However only a few minutes in and I already felt the urge to leave and fill my brain with something less awful and mind rotting.
It's not just the non-existent plot and hammy acting that let this film down,
I sat through the last half of 50 shades darker today because my sister was using my Macbook to watch it... Let me sum it up for you:
Him: "I'm not good with people because I'm mysterious." 
Her: "I like mysterious, but I'm scared cause I'm fragile." 
This movie is awful, yes, there's the best way to describe this movie.
Acting, terrible, the story does not make sense. The girl that's in the trailer has no impact in the movie. It's once again just about sex and a bad... really bad written movie.
I saw it and yeah...I had fun, laughing I guess? For anyone who tells me that its a beautiful, love story...f*ck off. It was the cheesiest, corniest, most awkward-comedic film. But hey, it worked for a great comedy where the jokes on the film. Seriously, the scenes were so bad you couldn't help but laugh. I think FSoG was better in the aspect to take it a bit more "serious" than FSD. This film completely did not give a f*ck, I was disappointed that the plots and other characters (Mrs. Robinson, Jack Hyde, Leila) were weak! It had potential to explore more of these arcs, but it didn't. It was dull and so rushed!
While Christian wrestles with his inner demons, Anastasia must confront the anger and envy of the women who came before her. There was at least a 5% inside my brain that hoped to find something good in this whole mess or at least for this movie to be a bit decent, unfortunately this is one of the worst films of 2017 at least so far with some of the most boring sex scenes i have ever seen, awful dialogue and really weird sense of humor and the 2 main stars had an on/off kind of chemistry plus that helicopter sequence looked a bit decent in the trailer so i won't lie on that but in the actual movie it was painful to sit threw.
The plot is poor, the drama is rubbish, the acting is wooden, and the dialogue is laughable rubbish. The film is unintentionally funny when supposed to be serious, and boring when supposed to be sexy. Although sexier than the original film (my wife tells me) not as graphically sexy as the book. I sat through the pain of this and at the end felt glad I wasn't Christian Grey, though being a billionaire is always very appealing. 
 I liked the first movie because it was so bad it was funny and the soundtrack was good. This movie is literally the two of them getting back together and dating and the soundtrack was okay.
The movie also seems very rushed ,I know it is an adaptation of the book but not done smoothly in my opinion , It makes me really sad as these movies could have been great if only they had gotten it right ,Take a page out of "Nick Cassavetes" book because he directed The Notebook perfectly.