As far as the end result... ...the film completely fell flat across the board. I have nothing against the four leads. I more or less blame the writers, director and the studios choice of direction for the new Ghostbusters.
I went into this movie with an open mind hoping that it would not be as bad as the trailers and TV spots suggest. It is. I really wanted this movie to surprise me, to make me laugh to make me care for the characters and have some investment in the story, but it failed to achieve any of that. What I saw was a two hour mess of a movie.
There's so much wrong with this movie, but these things are just a few of them. Thanks Paul Feig for messing Ghosbusters up. I guess Paul's been Busted and it felt good busting' this travesty of a film that will haunt GB fans for generations.
I've never seen the original Ghostbusters films, so I went into watching this with quite an open mind. It ended up being incredibly disappointing though, the CGI was terrible and reminded me of the early 2000s live action Scooby Doo films, the girls, who I'd imagine are funny in their own right, seemed to have absolutely zero chemistry between them
Some people are saying that this is the wort movie of all time. It is not. It is merely a really bad movie with no redeeming qualities, and it insults your intelligence.
And, most of the YouTube videos made slamming it are 100s of times funnier than this movie.
Awful but not necessarily for the reason you would expect.
Despite some early reviews I've read or watched I didn't find the movie to be anti-male. There was nothing offensively anti-man in it that wasn't something I've already seen before and laughed off a million times. Unfortunately that's part of the problem this movie has with humor creativity. There was nothing there to laugh about
Because... I want the old comedy, not this lightheaded piece of "refurbished material" (to use a non-angry term). The original movies were about Individuals having believable comedic and heartfelt separate journeys, while I feel this movie is all about characters playing stupid, fast-paced jokes on each other.
They should have cut the remainder of the movie 15 minutes in and replaced it with old Godzilla footage. Maybe have Melissa McCarthy stomping on toy trucks and cars.
Should have given option of zero rating also. I was not comfortable giving even 1/10. This movie sets a new benchmark of height of bad movies. Generally i don't write reviews, but in this case i felt obligated to write one. What a shame brought on the good name of Ghostbusters
Crappy story with nothing sensible, utter nonsense ! Graphics look cheap, like some world of warcraft game graphics. Then there is crappy performance from crappy actors spare Chris Hemsworth who has done a good job as always