There I sat, in stone-cold silence, not completely watching, but observing Grown Ups 2, one of the most desperate comedies of the year. Smiling maybe twice, groaning several times, rolling my eyes several more, and eventually closing them for a few seconds trying to imagine what a movie like this could've been if the quality of the talent matched the quality of the three screenwriters behind this project.
I'm a fan of old Adam Sandler movies, but I feel that he has lost his comedic touch. This may be his first sequel, but I truly hope it's his last. Maybe it's time to retire Mr. Sandler.
All in all, do not waste your money on this awful movie
How can I fully express my total disappointment in this film? It may not be possible. I am one of those who actually liked the first Grown Ups. It had a plot, good characters and lots of fun. The sequel, on the other hand, is pointless, stupid, juvenile, and insulting. Not one redeeming quality in the entire movie.
I thought the first movie was bad... but this, this is the definition of a horrible movie, terrible acting with a stupid story and awful humor, this crap didn't even make me laugh once.
1 out of 10. Skip this movie and go see Pacific Rim or read a book or go outside, Do Anything!! Just Avoid this movie.
 It has some solid actors in it too, which is a shame, because it seems to me that if they cared about their careers at all, they should have been able to read the script and see that it would not work. I assure you, if you are over 12...no, over 7 years old, you will leave disappointed... Please don't waste your money too!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Despite being universally panned by critics and movie goers, Grown-Ups managed to perform well enough at the box office to warrant a sequel.
The plot follows Lenny (Adam Sandler) who has moved his family to the town he and his friends grew up in, there he meets up with his friends (Kevin James, David Spade, Chris Rock and Nick Swardson.
Grown Ups was alright in my opinion. I tend to enjoy almost any film that is thrown in my direction for some reason or another. Grown Ups had a few laughs which put the label of 'Alright' on it. Below average, but watchable.
How this was released, I do not know. It is simply a terrible film and I cannot find one good aspect about it. And to think Adam Sandler was once a good actor for a few years. 
1/10. Never gave that to a film before. At least, not that I can remember.