This seemed like a trial for a TV series in that it would fit very well into an episodic framework, oh, and it is very funny. Not everyone will find this funny just like not everyone finds Curb Your Enthusiasm to be funny, to name a previous Jeff Garlin incarnation. The humor is in the same vein as CYE where we find the lead character playing the put-upon guy in world of wacky and or eccentric characters,
I gave this one a chance, but I just could not watch it after 31 minutes and had to do a rare thing for me, turn it off.
Billed as a comedy, and for some it probably is funny, but I found it just bad.
I have mixed feelings on this film. It was good, but it could've been very good. So if you liked the netflix girlfriend day mystery or watching the detective, you may like this. 
Looks like it was meant to be a pilot for a TV series, and I hope they do it. time passed fast while watching this show and it left me wanting more - that's when I thought it could definitely go with a TV series. the actors had a blast doing this, you can tell - especially Natasha Lyonne - comes out with crazy one liners! 
I love Jeff Garlin. He's a great comedian and he was great on Curb. But, I have to wonder where his mind was while writing this script. The movie is totally flat, lacks an interesting story line, and has no opportunities for even a slight chuckle.
Handsome: A Netflix Mystery Movie is doing the columbo thing. Only in 2017 and it is way quirkier.
The face paced dialogue, wacky characters had me laugh out loud more than a few times. I totally enjoyed this film and i would like to see more of detective Handsome and co in the future.
Like said above this film is weird and quirky and totally deserves to be turned into an ongoing series!
How to review a movie this bad while not cursing? I'll do my best. It was the worst movie I've seen since Rollerball. Almost completely devoid of humor, dumb (and not dumbly funny either), boring, and a complete waste of time. I finished it just because it was so bad I kept waiting to see anything which validated Netflix's decision to make it. It couldn't have been the script (all over the place with only the weakest of narratives to sustain it); it couldn't have been the acting (ranged from dreadful to only okay);
Despite stilted table read style of performances there's something to be said for this low budget picture. The comedic elements occasionally garner a laugh and the obvious lack of a powerful director allows the actors to be themselves which in and of itself has moments of surprising humor.
I'm always sceptical when I see the director is the writer and the main cast in his or her own film. Don't get me wrong, a director who writes his own film is one thing I really like, but he/she should not play the main character, that usually turns out really bad. 
It seems like this is being set up like Columbo, perhaps a series of mystery movies. Like most first episodes, this one gets hung up in the character introductions. I think it could get better, especially if they realize vulgarity in and of itself isn't actually funny. I do look forward to a second movie.