This movie is hilarious! It works for any occasion, you'll laugh and have a great time. 
Eugenio and Salma were meant to be together on screen, their chemistry makes the audience believe they have been siblings forever. 
The story manages to show a funny premise, combined with a family-heartwarming tale that only Eugenio knows how to pull off. It's family friendly, and still funny for adults. 
These filmmakers bring us comedy that's a mixture of slapstick, juvenile humor and just good, old-fashioned strange situations and strained family relationships. And all that comes with at least some family values and growth on the part of the main characters. It's somewhat simplistic, but almost always fun. And, yes, there are occasional subtitles (during some of the scenes in which Maximo interacts with another Spanish-speaking character), but this movie is funny and heartfelt enough to entertain all but the most jaded Movie Fans – and strong enough to earn Derbez many more English-speaking fans. "B+"
I saw "How To Be A Latin Lover", starring Eugenio Derbez-Instructions Not Included, Beverly Hills Chihuahua; Salma Hayek-The Grown Ups movies, Across the Universe; Rob Lowe-Monster Trucks, the Austin Powers movies; Raphael Alejandro-Kindergarten Cop 2, Once Upon a Time_tv and Raquel Welch-Legally Blonde, Mother,Jugs & Speed.
was excited to watch this as the trailer was funny.....low IMDb rating got me doubting whether i should go to the movie hall for this...glad i went. it was very funny, well scripted, well acted and not one of those over the top weird obscene comedies...theater was a mix of elder people, kids, adults and everyone laughed throughout the movie....it had genuine humor and good emotional content too... cast was great, salma hayek is a delight to watch , the kid who played her son was so cute, brother sister relationship was well crafted, ...i left the hall smiling...
I'll give this six speedos out of ten. While it's not the best, it could have been a lot worse. I think this movie will defiantly do well on the home market where Eugenio Derbez can make a lot of people laugh. I like him and hope that this movie will get him more work. If your in the mood for a comedy, you'll probably find plenty of Mexican charm, though it's not one of the greats.
 While waiting for this screening I spent 30 minutes watching The Zookeeper's Wife, so I had movies-as-serious-stuff whiplash. I predict that this won't be a crossover hit, but will turn a small profit (as it deserves to). Worth my time and senior discount ticket, but if you don't like silly pick something else. Casting alone worth it for most people. Finally, kudos for a very young child actor who looked real and was used sensitively.
Great movie overall. Funny, easy to follow, not too ever the top, not the typical comedy where they do stupid things and are desperate to make you laugh. I think it is smart funny, if you looking for a movie to spend a couple of hours laughing and having a good time then you must watch this movie.
the Latin lover got me so heated........ I had to leave asap......... I had a situation that needed to be taken care of....... girls u know wat I mean;)........... if he ever asks................................................. my address is 6 cardinal court........ I am a cougar as well.
i am not as smooth as he is, but i AM flexible...... ;) see u soon my parents aren't home
How to be a Latin Lover is laugh out loud funny! I laughed non stop from beginning to end. Eugenio Derbez and Salma Hayek have great chemistry on screen and Rafael Alejandro steals the show. Kristen Bell, Rob Lowe, Raquel Welch are all hilarious in their bit roles. This is the kind of family friendly film I'd bring my abuelita and nephews. Definitely a recommend