When I give this film a 6, it's being a bit generous. Trying to put myself in other people's shoes, I'd say this film probably range anywhere from a 3 to a 5, and then there will be those who hate it. Still, I am likely to lean on the side of one of the few who likes the film. But it's a mixed bag. Sure enough, the special effects, action, and other elements are fantastic.
I'm not sure how to start this review so I'll just get right into it: This movie isn't good. It makes no sense. There is no room to get immersed in this world because there is no story to relate to. It's all just stuff happening; fluff. Beautiful, well made fluff mind you, but at its core this movie is a steaming hot mess
True the cinematography of the movie is first class, but it only saddens me that it is used on such bad material. In the end don't get fooled by this movie. Its only purpose is to take your money with bright lights and a false promise, but it will leave you with a mouth full of ash, wondering why you wasted your time.
I'll be upfront and warn those contemplating watching Jupiter Ascending that you need to go in with low expectations to enjoy the film. Unless your idea of what makes a film good is huge explosions, pretty characters prancing around in elaborate costumes and beautiful visuals. After all, who cares about plot, lines and pacing right?
I watch a lot of movies and have only walked out on a handful in my life, but I could not make it through more than 70 minutes of this ridiculous film. Don't waste your time. It's awful.
It boggles my mind how a movie like this gets made. Someone please stop these two from making any more!
Act I. Kidnap + Rescue + Channing Tatum on magic roller-skates + Redmayne Overacting
Act II. Kidnap + Rescue + Channing Tatum on magic roller-skates + Redmayne Overacting
Act III. Kidnap + Rescue + Mila Kunis on magic roller-skates
saw Jupiter Ascending tonight (after a VERY long wait I might add). Sadly it is not in the vain of other Wachowski films in terms of thought- provoking subject matter; however, I feel this film is being very unfairly criticized. 
No: the subject matter is not as deep or profound as in The Matrix, V for Vendetta, or the masterful Cloud Atlas. But it was never advertised to be that kind of film--it's a solid blockbuster movie (with plenty of room for sequels and/or prequels). I'd see it again!
Honestly the scope is too ambitious to warrant any initial investment in Jupiter or any of the other supporting actors like Channing Tatum and Sean Bean. It's literally just 2 hours of zero-tension action sequences and clichéd dialogue that lead to a resolution that the audience couldn't care less about. 
These sorts of films make me want to give up on the modern film industry, they only spew out high budget garbage to appease the idiots. Excuse me while I go watch some Hitchcock or something. Urgh.
Michael Giacchino's music fits each scene very nicely whether it is a fast paced chase scene, or a quiet and thoughtful scene. It has a mysterious and almost hollow beauty to it, which fits this movie perfectly.