Pretty bad. Fat slob, adoring sexy wife (not remotely believable), huge luxurious house = disaster. Three kids, oldest daughter living in the garage rent free having sex with her ultra nerd fiancé' while the newly retired cop dad gets a job to support them...add a trio of childlike retired cop friends and a fireman brother and you have...a mess.
This show could have been good, but wasn't. The canned laughter is horrible, and was always overpowering the dialogue. There were times at the beginning when this laughter was nonstop. I mean you couldn't hear a thing....and the joke hadn't even been played out. There were perhaps 3 funny lines in the whole 20 minutes.
This show is an example of al la carte television. There is nothing original and it simply is put together from pieces of other shows with King of Queens being the foundation.
As others have said, I too was hoping for more of a sequel to King of Queens. I will watch a rerun of that whenever I see one -- and we all know you can catch one on at any minute of the day or night.
And you know -- this show is set up almost exactly like King of Queens; but this does not work.
The Greek chorus, including Danny, is back -- but they seem off as well.
I guess it was the writing and the whole dynamic that made KoQ a hit, and this a flop
Seriously, Kevin is 50 years old and retired? Better yet, he has a wife only 40. And all his friends are around 50. Isn't anybody suppose to look their age? Another thing, they have young kids. The daughter is a college student, son in high school.
I think most review Nazis are being unfair to this show. I watched Kevin can Wait and Big Bang theory back to back and honestly this show got genuine laughs out of me. the jokes remind you of sitcoms from a decade or so ago but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. I felt that the daughter's boyfriend was an overkill and a lame way to include the whole millennial / tech savvy nonsense into one character and the writers may need to write him out of the show but apart from that it reminds you of King of Queens and has the typical endearing comedic style of Kevin James.
I loved The King of Queens - the writing was brilliant and there was amazing chemistry between all of the cast members. Kevin James is a very funny and talented man and he's a master of physical comedy. 
The pilot was decent, it's a pilot therefore obviously the chemistry isn't what it is after a handful of episodes (same as any other comedy). The 2nd episode I can honestly say had me laughing out loud most of it. Is it unique? No. Is it smart comedy? No. In fact, it's familiar which is nice. I enjoyed it as it brought me back to watching King of Queens and reminded me of just how much fun it was.
I was really looking forward to this show. If they had changed it up more, making it look less like KoQu's, it may have been a little more tolerable, but as it is, it's just a really bad version of its former self. It's situationally too close to the first show to really be able to keep from comparing the two. That's unfortunate. But even if you've never seen King of Queens and have nothing to compare it to, this show is still not great.
Kevin James is one of the greatest comedy actors and I was very excited about his new show.
The pilot was mediocre, but the show picks up pace and by the third episode, I could clearly see again the magic that made Doug in KoQ such a beloved character.
Fortunately, we still have Kevin and even though most characters seem just props for his antics, he totally delivers the old Doug as we know him.
I know it's probably hard to impossible, but I think what most of KoQ fans think: bring Leah Remini (Carrie), as the wife in second season and we'll have another nine years of classical humor bliss.