I used to watch the original series back in the 80s so it is unavoidable to compare that series with its 2016 reboot.
80s Macgyver was a secret agent with a difference! He was quiet, modest, mild mannered, deeply principled and refused to carry a gun on his missions.
I grew up watching the original Mac and as much as it was soft viewing added with a small dose of make believe, the original series is part of TV history in a good way! Well some one in Hollywood land just had to rape my childhood memories! 
Retreads seem to be the "thing to do" as of late. Studio's who seem to be out of ideas, visiting the past for inspiration. 
Sad fact is, most of the retreads are "second rate" and MacGyver is no exception. The word that another reviewer used to describe this retread is the same one I would choose, "tiresome".
Five minutes into the show, I wanted to throat punch the arrogant, millennial twerp in the title role. Painfully bad. Horrible writing. Horrible acting. Hackneyed plot. Predictable dialogue. Assumes audience consists of morons. And anyone who continues to watch this probably lives up to that assumption. 
Well, I watched the pilot episode. I admit it wasn't without merit; the action and stuntwork was fairly well done. But for the most part, I was very disappointed with what I watched. I could make a list of a number of things of what I didn't like about what I saw, but I'll stick with the two biggest beefs I had:
If you were going to produce a show that was as uninteresting as say, Hawaii Five O, you could not do any better than this mess. The frenetic action is almost laughable in as much as the the completely unknown pig eyed hero "star" has absolutely none of the grace of the original Richard Dean Anderson.
Sadly, no matter how much he tries, Lucas Til is simply NOT a young Richard Dean Anderson. He is far too bland and lacking in personality to play this character.
The plot of the pilot seemed very "recycled".Nothing was new. Nothing was innovative.
Almost cried cause it was so bad. Downplaying the audience like we're stupid. Guess target is 13 year old, but that's really stupid when the fact is that the high ratings come from nostalgic grown ups.
for children of around 12. however that may be an insult to some 12 years olds.
it's poorly written, badly acted and so false and glitzy it goes totally beyond any form of reality or belief.
I really couldn't watch a whole episode as it was totally cringe worthy.
All in all don't waste your time. The acting is horrible, the writing is horrible, and the show runners have no idea what made MacGyver episodes so great. You'll just wish you had that part of your life back.