'Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates' had some promise when the trailers first came out. I honestly believed this film would capture the tone of the first 'Hangover' movie, but something went wrong early on.
1. I know this film was based on true events, and I guarantee the true events would have been far more entertaining than the ones depicted in this film. For he most part, the movie has a strong opening where we see how these two brothers party, but we also witness the aftermath of their wild antics. Things move well enough till we get to the point where they actually end up on Hawaii. At this point, things take a tumble off a cliff.
I like the 4 actors in the leading roles, and that was why I went to watch this, even though I suspected it would be bad.
I love comedies. I watch a lot of them. Cute, silly, stupid, clever - any. Some - good, some - bad, some - are really not so good.But this was a whole new lever of terrible. The script sounds like being written by 12 years old, but they usually don't use "f-word" as often. Who talk like that, even in a comedy?
Good experience or nightmare without an escape? That's a real life situation which should be adapted into a film. But without Zac Efron, please (No! I almost achieved not insulting him!).
Did I laugh my ass off for the best part of an hour and a half? Yes. Was I stone cold sober? No. Would I watch it again? Absolutely.
Effron doesn't display the awesome acting you might be expecting from some of his other films, but he's definitely funny (if a little crass and childish at times, but hey it's called "Mike and Dave need Wedding Dates, what are you expecting?!?? My regular movie buddy even turned to me and said so much).
It's based on a true story… sort of. Essentially, it began with these two single fellas whose parents complain to them that they're always starting trouble at every party. So in order to stay in line, they are told to find dates for their upcoming sister's wedding in Hawaii. As a joke, they throw an ad up on Craigslist, their description for the essential date looking something like this: 
• An excuse to get dressed up • Open bar & food all night • Eccentric/downright dangerous bro-2-bro dance moves (may need to sign a waiver) • Adventure • Mystery • Suspense • True Love
Royalties once our night's story is developed into a romantic comedy*
two adult brothers with the personalities of thirteen year old's must find dates for their sisters wedding; what we get is tiresome repetitive try - to - hard forced jokes that land flat. The dates are annoying as hell, acting like female rap stars especially with their speak. I had high hopes for this and as ALWAYS the trailer is misleading. I laughed maybe three times and I cried once when I opened my wallet, twenty bucks to take a nap.
Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates is inspired by a true story of Mike and Dave Stangle, in which they post an ad looking for dates for a wedding. Hilarity ensues when their dates turned out to be not who they appear to be.
Not worth your money! Probably one of the most random films I've seen that doesn't make any sense.The only thing worth watching about the film is Zac Efrons face and body - it's an amazing body but not even that could save this film. Don't worry ladies, if you get hit in the face by a quad bike the day before your wedding, 
What happens when we take some of the strongest young talent around, mix it with a script that has limited use of some of the most recognized words in the English language, manages to avoid an NC 17 by some miracle and asks the audience to leave their brains outside? You get this offensive, tasteless, and mentally impaired movie.