I took my youngest child, six years old (nearly seven), to see this yesterday. He bounced around like Tigger the whole way through, and only paused to turn around once in a while to tell me "This is the best movie ever!" This coming from a boy who loves everything from Harry Potter, Star Wars, Top Gear (and Grand Tour), to Tractor Ted and Octonauts.
I want to commend the filmmakers on this film. There was a lot of bad press about it even coming from the studio as writing it off as a loss before it was even released. 
My kids (11 and 8) have been wanting to see it since we saw a trailer ages ago. I thought the concept was a bit crazy, but it did seem like fun.
Not sure why so many are hating on this one, or basing reviews on what happened before it got to screen.
Took my 4-, 8-, 12-year-olds to see it on Saturday. All three of them enjoyed it, and I did, too. Simple enough story for the kids to understand, with little in the way of violence, profanity, sex to battle through. 
A young loner discovers a monster in a junkyard and finds he can use it to power his car. Soon he befriends the monster and sets out to help it find it's way home.
Great special effects and some good performances from some likable lead actors makes this an enjoyable movie to watch. Don't expect the plot to hold up to well under strict scrutiny but it is a kids film after all. There are some good positive messages about family and friends with a little bit of a green message too but nothing heavy handed.
In some ways the creature reminded me of "Toothless" from How to Train a Dragon, but that would be down to it being a child.
Overall, the plot was great for a family movie, few minor plot holes, but the kids didn't notice that (nor should they tbh)
Overall, I took the kids knowing what the film was about and what to expect, and it was delivered.
 Quite a lot of action and humour too, it's never dull. Definitely a boys/male film I think in my opinion. a kind of a cross between "the legend of the waterhorse", "ET" and "Herbie" Recommended.
I went in to this film not knowing what to expect other than what was shown in the trailer, i was presently surprised on how good this film is for what it was , i loved the concept of this film as it not just one of the creatures from out of space type of film which is refreshing.
It's some much different which gives this film is edge , you really can help but fall in love with this creature he called screech , as it got this lovable adorable funny sense of humor for a creature that give it a personality which is great for the film.
The acting, from a few old hands and some youngsters, was well targeted, nothing too deep or hard to follow.
The plot was easy to follow, with clear differences between the good and bad characters, and strong family values. Both human and not.
The driving stunts were good. Allowing the target audience comfort that their favourite characters would be safe.
The action scenes are pretty good in this movie. There are two main scenes and they are extremely well filmed. When I saw the reviews from this movie, I knew right away not to believe them because I know Chris Wedge is a good director and he did well with these action sequences. This is the guy that made Epic and Ice Age. He's very good.
While not groundbreaking, Monster Trucks holds up quite well. It's very well directed and has good action scenes. This makes for an entertaining movie.