I have seriously, never in my entire life, seen something on screen that was this painful to watch (including Jackass and Klovn). 
Poorly written, poorly executed, unenthusiastic acting from otherwise talented people. Just awful. I feel hurt and betrayed.
This movie is funny and as a mother (sister and child), I loved it. My mother would have enjoyed it too. I will be recommending it to whomever wants a unique take on a movie. I thought it was going to be sappy and it wasn't. I laughed repeatedly, my husband did too and so did the entire theater. My sister and I went on a double date, loved by us all. Great movie.
i love interconnected romcom movies...but this is just ..pointless...i have no other words to describe it..
and the only thing that was more horrible than julia roberts wig was the direction.
Very, very disappointed with this movie. There is no real-life link or lessons or messages that have been sent through or even tried to be sent through. The story lines are all over the place, there is no real development on the story lines and they are extremely short. Characters are also not developed at all. The only character that was a little deeper was that Jen, the others had no time to be developed. 
 The only bright thing in this movie is cast, which is making me confused why did they do this especially Sudeikis. It's cast with big experience i just don't understand need for this.
With a sitcom-style film like "Mother's Day," one should expect some clever dialogue, interesting character interactions, and at least some grounding in reality. Unfortunately, this film never got on track with either the humor or good characterization.
This film tells the stories of several mothers who spend Mother's Day in different ways.
"Mother's Day" can easily draw families to the cinema, because of its topic and the number of big stars. I watched it for Julia Roberts and Jennifer Aniston, but I was rather disappointed by it. These ensemble comedies have so many subplots and so many characters, that none of them are fully developed. As a result, I don't really know the characters well enough to care for any of them.
Really pathetic attempt at PC Brainwashing. Not the least authentic. Keep it up North; don't bring this crap to the South. All the actors are washed up has-beens.
There is too much pointless action, and mind-numbing dialogue that is obviously improvised by actors who really don't understand their characters. No one comes out of this movie looking good; even Jennifer Garner in a small cameo comes off looking like an amateur.