If you study film, you know that entire texts have been written on the importance of "grounding" in a script.
The ground, also known as the glue, is the character that the viewer finds most relatable, most sympatico, when the story itself starts fray around the edges. Which is not to say that all scripts require a strong ground or glue, merely that the more outrageous scripts, the scripts with the least internal cohesion, require as much ground as they can get.
If you skip one Xmas party this year then make it Office Christmas Party.
A criminally unfunny and underdeveloped high concept comedy, trying to recapture that Hangover like tone, Blades of Glory directors Josh Gordon and Will Speck fail to ignite the spirit of Xmas with this comedy caper that brings the festive vibe, but fails to bring the laughs.
The studios have been in a recent pattern of putting out some really disappointing "comedies," "Hail, Caesar" and "Masterminds" spring to mind first, and you can add "Office Christmas Party" to the list.
Potentially a great cast, an "R" rating which means they don't have to restrain the writing, and..............DUD. Especially with an "R" rating, I fully expect to have more than a few burst-out-laughing moments, that's not the case with this one.
Here's a mess of a movie. The first hint of a problem is the number of writing credits. The next hint is two directors. 
The movie starts too soon with a scene in the attorney's office with a couple of jokes that fall flat. The info from that scene really didn't matter. The movie starts when Jennifer Aniston storms in and trashes the decorations.
What a waste of a potentially funny talented cast. This year's big budget Christmas movie has about 10% of it that is funny - the rest is painful crude and unfunny. The premise has some potential but things run out of steam quickly. 
An unpretentious, funny movie that follows a basic formula. It's not a work of art, nor does it deserve an Oscar, but it has super funny actors and sure to get some good laughs from you. Also, it does not have a very long duration as well, which makes it a fast and fun pastime.
Is that really still funny? How many years of R rated movies have we seen and R rated comedies? Jason Bateman gamely goes the distance playing straight man.
Watching this film you wonder how producers could get it so wrong. Christmas, that's a revenue that keeps on giving. Comedy, its an office party. Stars, its got Jennifer Anniston in it.