What the hell is Phoenix Forgotten, you ask? Well, dear reader, that is a great question. I had never heard of this movie until it appeared on the release schedule a couple of weeks ago. I never saw a single trailer or commercial for it. It features a cast of unknowns, is from a first-time director (Justin Barber) and was even released from a first-time distributor (Cinelou Films). Yet somehow, this pile of nonsense was given a nationwide theatrical release and, according to the arbitrary rules that I've established for myself, that means that I have to be the one person that goes to see it. You're welcome.
This movie is truly a waste of your time. The acting, plot, and production are all below average. I have no idea why this film has a rating of a 5 of 10 it in no way deserves it. 
. Using unknown actors gives a movie of this kind a sense of realism – and this cast is talented enough to make it work. Like its spiritual ancestor, "The Blair Witch Project", this film drags at times, but has an exciting climax. "B+"
So the special effects are all seamlessly done in the frame of what *is* a shot-on-90's-consumer-grade camcorder. There isn't anything in the present day, so everything in the past has to work. As far as capturing that rough-edged 90's approach technically speaking, and getting us to believe it, they do a competent job. If anything if the whole movie had been *more* in the 90's style - say, if they found rolls and rolls of tapes and that's all they had to go on, no present-day interviews with boiler-plate answers from the parents and experts and journalists - it'd be even more appealing.
In the literary world, plagiarism can end a career - in the movie industry, it's just another way to fleece the public. The makers of 'Phoenix Forgotten' show off their cynicism and creative bankruptcy by churning out an anemic Sci-Fi version of 'The Blair Witch Project' without offering a single moment of originality or vitality.
The movie is about a woman who does a documentary on the disappearance of her brother and his two friends that happen back in 97.
The Hi-8 footage used to compose those scenes from 20 years ago makes the movie seem like a throwback of the Blair Witch Project (Which I think was shot on 35mm, actually).
I did really like what they did for the Hi-8 footage, not only a real throwback to the 90s in look and feel but the camera work in itself was actually really good (And it has to be because you can see the obvious change in quality from Hi-8 analog to the digital format we are doing today.) 
So overall, the movie takes a long and sometimes dull time to get to the fun stuff, but I would say it leaves me (just) satisfied once they get there.
The premise (even though it was a blatant Blair Witch ripoff) STILL had potential though. To take that long to get to the good part then RUSH the potential good part! What were they thinking?! Don't bother... this wasn't good at all. 
I give it a 2 for having real footage of the governor of Arizona in it... but that's it. 
In addition to being one of the least ambitious films in recent memory, the trailer tells shows most of what is in store here, including telling us the teens were supposedly never seen again, so the final outcome holds zero suspense. There's so little to say about this movie, because there's so little substance to it. While admittedly, it isn't * terrible *, it also isn't worth watching, either.