Twelve years have passed since we last caught a glimpse of the waterlogged Samara clambering out of the well; twelve years. I want you to remember that because evidently the makers of Rings, the newest installment in the series forgot. They forgot that the origin of their vengeful specter has already been told and the supposed rules of Samara's curse need maybe a refresher at most. Yet given the fact this film simultaneously ups stakes and downplays expectations I have to ask, what are we supposed to be looking at: a reboot? A sequel? A spin off? 
Sequels are watched based upon the strength of their predecessors. It is known that most sequels aren't as good but sometimes the first installment was so good that the sequel can never live up to it and nor does it have to to be appreciated. The Ring was the scariest movie I'd seen in 20 years. I remember being genuinely spooked when watching that movie. Part two wasn't as good but it was watchable. Rings, on the other hand, was trash
Seven days! A simple phrase that struck terror in our hearts oh so many years ago. Certainly, you know I'm talking of The Ring, the horror movie about a death delivering video tape certain to scare you to death. Samara's tale has fallen on to the backburner for some time, but like the cursed video, the series has resurfaced to the modern world to once more have you cowering at your screens. Will Rings live up to the potential? Robbie K here, once more sharing his opinions on yet another film. Let's get started. 
Not much to say, after watching the "Rings". If you have seen the first two movies, then you should just skip this one. It's a disgrace for the series. Repiod.
Awful story, terrible acting, not even a single scary scene. Even when Samara appears, you are not scared, but sad... Not because of her story, but because of the series falloff...
Personally, I loved the first movie and enjoyed the second, even though I found it mediocre. This one, however, is one of the least interesting movies I have seen in my whole life. 
...to not waste yours.
Remember the writers strike of 1988?
How bad a good pie recipe is without a cook? How poorly your car runs with no gasoline? How your puppy seems lacklustre and not at all playful since he died?
Me and my girlfriend went to see this together, expecting it to be bad. We are both big horror movie fans. I loved Friday the 13th, Hellraiser, and I seriously enjoyed the new Ouija movie also. (so did my girlfriend) anyway we went to the theater expecting a "meh" and mostly bad movie, but this was just HORRIBLE.
From the trailers, I thought that this movie might have a lot more stuff with social media, but other than a few things, this movie could have taken place a decade ago. The only thing to show that the film's in the present is that they copy & paste video files, and they use smart phones as flashlights. Overall, the film isn't horrible, but it also isn't very good, I definitely wouldn't recommend it.
"Rings" is both enjoyable and frustrating. Updating the technology involved with watching, copying and sharing the infamous Samara video opens up more possibilities for story-telling, while delving deeper into Samara's sad history adds interesting background – and also takes the tale of the tape in some cool new directions. On the other hand, the script's lack of exposition makes the movie hard to follow… and the acting is somewhat lacking. The ending brings most of it together well, but getting there will put you through the… wringer. "B"
"Life sucks when you can't sleep." "Yeah, tell me about it." "Sometimes it helps to talk about it." Story of the videotape that kills you, communicated from slick jawed 'cute' guy to meticulous, concerned girl. And this new chapter of 'The Ring' cycle begins.
1998's Japanese original 'The Ring' was a fine film, and despite Naomi Watts' attempts, so was the 2002 remake.
Like someone already wrote on here Rings 2017 is the untimely end of the American branch of "The Ring". And that may actually not be such a bad thing...
This franchise killer features a cast of lame characters, that you hope will fall prey to Samara rather quickly before their annoying screen presence becomes too much to bear. Sadly they mostly last all the way till the ludicrous end.
Rings 2017 is based on a poor script with a re-imagined story. Thus this production is a rather dumbed down Reboot of the Gore Verbinsky classic.