Looks like there are either some disgruntled ex-lovers/colleagues leaving reviews, or something else is going on here (from the bad reviews that I have read). If you want a genuinely disturbing film, Definitely watch this. I am a movie lover, and, have also studied film for several years. This has a good cast, and, genuinely left me on the edge of my seat.
This is a totally spoiler free review because it's best to see this film without knowing what to expect. 
I watched this film with no expectations in mind at all, and i have found it watchable. Yes, it's nowhere near any of the best sci-fi movies, but it's an alright watch. 
Good actors, an intriguing story, a good soundtrack and choice of filming, but above all a lot of suspense. And if you honestly find there is no suspense in Rupture then you must have pay no attention to the movie. Rupture deserves better and if you like suspense without to much bloody details you will like this movie.
I don't want to give a spoiler, but let me say that the plot is completely derivative. The "science" is not even bad enough to laugh at. The acting is uniformly shlocky, as if the actors watched the worst horror movies and copied all the moves. Is Noomi Rapace completely dreadful? Honestly, no, but she can't save this dud.
 that turned into a full-length feature that somehow managed to snag a few high profile actors. Whoever decided to bankroll this production should've put their money into understanding scripts seeing as this barely had one. Poor direction overall, from the acting, to setting up scenes and pacing. The only thing that got me to finish watching was the mystery of it all which wasn't anything complex or special.
Firstly let me say that I watch hundreds of movies every year. I like to give any film the benefit of the doubt until the end. After resisting coming onto IMDb for so long, i had to join to let people know about this.
Simply put... This is not a good movie, you should be going elsewhere.
While in route to meet up with a friend, a single mom is abducted by a group of strangers who reveal through their questioning that she has a genetic abnormality that can potentially allow her to reveal her alien nature and must find a way to escape before it is too late.
I disagree with one other reviewer: Noomi Rapace is good; everyone else is a caricature. Michael Chiklis was a walk-on, collect a check, non-character. In fact, he was so badly overdressed for the part, it looked like they snagged him on the way to a night out with his wife.
If you're looking for an action film that will keep you in a state of tension throughout, you've come to the right place. Rapace's character has a vulnerability that makes you root for her as she struggles through incredible odds to escape a seemingly impenetrable prison, interacts with other prisoners, and gradually discovers exactly why she was taken in the first place.
These nonhumans were trying to find someone who could rupture and help them expand the species.
The idea is pretty weird and refreshing. Fear is part of human nature. What would happen if fear were taken away completely? We'd no longer be humans at all!
Personally, I wouldn't want to join them