Because I have seen a few Sandler movies that I found to be interesting and well-scripted/acted, I am always willing to view a new entry in his career. I am sorry to report that this is one of his worst. When Woody Allen made this it was titled "Broadway Danny Rose" and it was head and shoulders above this movie. 
For what it is, the movie is pretty good. 
It's a comedy inspired by real events, a talent manager working in Los Angeles in the 1990s. So see it as semi-documentary type of movie with some laughs here and there.
I don't know anything about the manager but it seems that he is that weird as Adam Sandler portrays him to be, and the audience for some reason mix those two together thinking Adam Sandler is to blame for some parts of the manager's character? Like the voice for example, the manager seems to have that kind of voice.
The movie raises the thought how can someone so uncoordinated have such a successful career. Adam Sandler portrays a talent agent/scout in the 1990's His awkward stance and opinions land him to find and meet Courtney "Jennifer Hudson' while babysitting the kids from another client played By the real life Sandler's Adams Family...There Sandy see's that Courtney has a amazing singing voice and he lays down the spiel which comes as a bit of a reel off and makes Courtney a bit skeptical..She soon realizes that is part of Sandy's charisma and character and begins to take him seriously.
... Adam Sandler has turned from one of the funniest guys on screen to the exact opposite. Sandy Wexler is Sandler's latest Netflix effort and it's even worse than his previous two Netflix productions. Wexler is supposed to be an inside look into Hollywood of the early 1990s. Why? I didn't get it. Is it funny? Not at all. Wexler somehow wants to draw us into this time period and fails miserably. 
Sandy Wrexler is another one of Adam Sandler Netflix film's, and out of his three Netflix film (The Ridiculous Six, and The Do-Over being the others), this is most definitely the best one. Sandler is seeing himself as a talent manager and his attire and mannerisms of his portrayal of this character is what works in this film. At first his blatant speech impediment may be slightly distracting but it becomes more natural as the film progresses.
I loved it. Didn't think I was going to but it grew on me. It's corny, absurd and entertaining and kept me watching till the very end.
I wasn't sure that the film had any basis in fact but it turns out the character that Adam is playing represents his manager Sandy Wernick. What a blast it must have been for Wernick to be lampooned with love by Adam and so many amazing people.
There are actually a few funny parts! It's not painful in the way Jack and Jill was. Wow! I'm shivering just thinking of it!
Like many of Sandler's movies, there are way too many celebrity appearances. Some of these include Quincy Jones, Paul Blart..I mean...Kevin James, David Spade, Conan, Jimmy Kimmel, Chris Rock, Quincy Jones, Vanilla Ice, Terry Crews, Rikishi, Weird Al, and Garth himself, Dana Carvey. The movie is full of cameos like these. Though, they all come together in the end. At times, Kevin James' character feels way too forced. Compared to Wexler's other clients, he wins the most on-air time. Sure, the first few scenes with him were funny, but by 2 scenes of James', you think 'How many times are they going to pull the same dumb joke?'
Is Sandler back to being funny? Well, this was a great start. If Sandler does another Sandy he'll be back. This was an enjoyable movie, which I'd recommend.
Years back Adam got a new idea and based on that started to make comedies which became successful, but that's enough! he is repeating same kind of jokes (exactly same), same funny voices and totally everything same (including actors). It is like he got a popular tasty coffee which sells good, but now not much of the coffee left, so to sell he adds more water.
You know a movie is bad when the writers are so devoid of creativity they are forced to steal jokes from anchorman 2. Yikes! Lamorne Morris in the role of a record producer who looks like he'd be more at home in the 1980's than 90's has a line that is something along the lines of, "Hey! There's Robert Blake, Phil Spector and OJ Simpson. Good group of guys. Call ourselves the dream team." I was immediately reminded of anchorman and a similar line Paul Rudd delivers saying nearly the exact thing, but with a better punch line, calling their group "the lady killers."