Jamie Foxx is always good value, especially when he's wounded. Although the only difference between his wounded and non-wounded state is that he stops every now and again, groans, feels his wound then takes off again as if nothing had happened.
I will refrain from making any jokes about the title - I'm sure there are plenty in the reviews here already - just to say that it bears no relevance to the movie at all.
The acting is pretty good, all things considered, but the direction is appalling and the action-every-minute film has low spots.
Generally I like films about internal affairs. "Internal Affairs" (1990), "The Departed" (2006) and "Q&A" (1990) are my favorites.
Every main or supporting actor is angry for no good reason. The soundtrack is angry. Most scenes are predictable and all intentions are extremely easy to reveal. 
I thing is for sure. Jamie Foxx can also play in bad movies.
Jamie Foxx can't really save this movie though he's probably the bright spot here no doubt. Foxx gets to play a heavy cop fairly straight to which he's up to that. He's better though when his penchant for humor is front and center. It's the overall same old drug/cop story and way too over-the-top constant cat and mouse action that brings things down. Not much meat and lots of filler.
This is I what I call "a comedy of errors" Ridiculous, hilarious effort from Hollywood on a remake of "Nuit Blanche" (Sleepless Night), (2011). The original was truthful to its name. but this? if it hasn't been so loud I would have caught a nap.
What can I say? predictable, terrible directing acting, editing, and so on and so forth.
Let me start by saying that I like gritty neo-noir thrillers, Jamie Foxx and dramas that are set in a compressed time frame. The trailer to "Sleepless" promised all of this and I was sold. I didn't expect anything outstanding, but something a little bit like Mann's "Miami Vice" or "Collateral". 
Before review Sleepless i want you guys to know this movie and Arsenal are both rated R for the first time in my country and after hearing many good thing about this movie so i decided to check out this movie and oh boy .......I WAS WRONG.I divided this movie into three parts , the first part is very good both our main heroes Jamie Foxx and Michelle Monaghan are well development 
As far as police corruption flicks go this one tends to line the bottom of the barrel as far as content is concerned. Although it was a fast moving film the characters held inside a casino for the entire length of the movie became monotonous. Since the inception of how policemen take the wrong turn during their career it often shows the rare cop who plunges face first into the mess trying to figure out just who is the bad guy, and who is not. Jamie Foxx plays Vincent Down. An internal affairs undercover policemen charged with finding corruption at its core. Starting with the robbery of Novac's drug supply, which was supposed to be delivered to another source as some kind of kickback or future plans to keeping his business rolling.
- Bent copper drama? Check - Dodgy casino owner? Check - Nasty "Black Rain" style hoodlum? Check. 
In summary, the movie is perfectly watchable for its action moments. In fact, as I *think* my wife, who is a great fan of "Die Hard, "Taken", et al would like it I've added a star to my initial rating. And it's done with some style such that it has the *potential* to be a good film – – which is frustrating. But in my view it's not worth the ticket price at the cinema: wait instead for it to arrive on Amazon/Netflix.