After screening "Sleight," I now understand why on the poster there's a quote by a critic describing this film as "Chronicle" meets "Iron Man," because that's the perfect description for it, you can't say it any much better than that without revealing spoilers. The story is basic and yet the way it's shot, it has that sense of naturalistic realism with most of the pivotal scenes happening at night, so "Sleight" basically carries Michael Mann's style.
I didn't have high hopes for this movie, and neither should you! It's not your average kid who discovers he has super powers and you see him jumping from building to building and take on a bunch of bad guys and he's the hero of the day. NOOOOOOOOO. This movie is as real as it gets. With the combination of magic tricks, drama, a taste of iron man, a taste or chronicle, 
Sleight borrows heavily from two very recent and very disparaged movie traditions: the proselytizing social drama and the cheaply made superhero fan film. One has been the last vestige of old-fashioned melodrama, cloaked in an inflated sense of self-importance. The other has a robust life on Youtube sure, but you can't really say that fan films are things of cinematic brilliance - until now.
I saw "Sleight", starring Jacob Latimore-Collateral Beauty, The Maze Runner; Seychelle Gabriel-Falling Skies_tv, The Last Airbender; Dule Hill-Psych_tv, The West Wing_tv and Storm Reid-The Summoning, 12 Years a Slave.
I tend to put a lot of store in Metacritic and IMDb scoring, and chose to see this film based on those. The acting and production values are adequate, but the story is completely preposterous. Not only does it completely disregard any notion of physics. but assigns zero value to the brilliant sleight of hand the protagonist displays, and instead shifts into unnecessary and gratuitous "hood" action.
 Bo says that he just wants to save enough money to move him and Tina to a better neighborhood, where she could go to a "better school" and be around "better people". In pursuit of this goal, he physically alters his body to help him perform better tricks – while he also finds that he's getting drawn deeper into Angelo's world than he ever wanted to go.