The Smurfs The Lost Village is the latest offering from Sony Picture Animation, the team that brought you Goosebumps and Cloudy with a chance of meatballs. As a longtime smurf fan, it is without question that I would go to see this film.
Sony outdid themselves with this movie. I have been waiting for a long time in anticipation of this movie and it definitely did not disappoint me. If you liked the first two then this is a must see movie, and is great for children and the kid at heart.
I got to see the advance screening of the move with my kids. I enjoyed the fast pace of the movie and the exciting story line. Kids did not get bored throughout the movie. Unlike some movies that are geared towards boys or girls specifically, this movie entertains both boys and girls. There was no vulgarity in the movie and no unnecessary violence.
"Smurfs: The Lost Village" is a story that fits nicely between the classic Peyo comics and the Hanna-Barbera Saturday morning cartoon. The animation is beautifully done. There is no way you can take every little detail in with just one viewing. The plot is fairly straightforward with adventure at the forefront.
Absolutely loved the movie :) They took the original cartoons and rebooted the whole thing in a very cool fashion. And Hefty has always been my favorite, so it was so damn cool to see the team back together again. The ending was very very emotional. Hope to see more Smurfs after this one. Way to go!
Everyone was different and that was okay, in fact it was treasured. Where is the heart in movies now days? I loved it! Brings back childhood memories.
 Don't get me wrong, but the Smurfs and Smurfs 2 was pretty good and they were unique; but, this movie was the right way to do a Smurfs movie! This movie is such a treat! The family will love it! I am sure of it! And seeing it in 3D was even better! So I highly recommend seeing in 3D, it's worth the extra bucks!
The Lost Village on Friday night and recommend that you ignore the mostly negative reviews. This animated film features fast action, magical colors, fun music, and a whole new magical Smurf village of fire-breathing dragonflies and—girl Smurfs! Went to an 8 PM show, but there were some children there—I heard lots of laughter and saw one girl dancing in the aisle. Go, enjoy, and let your kids have fun at a movie made just for them.
The Smurfs - The Lost village is a tribute to Peyo and his artistic ability in 1958 in creating the Smurfs. Great work to the director, crew, stars and of course Sony Animation to creating a lost village like no person not even some Smurfs has ever seen before.
 The only concern I had originally is how Rainn Wilson would be as Gargamel since it's hard to top Paul Winchell's Gargamel from the classic Hanna- Barbera series but he brought something new & different and I wasn't disappointed with it. Definitely worth seeing on the big screen and be sure to stay during the credits for a little added bonus about halfway through. Overall A-/B+