I just finished watching this movie. I don't understand all the bad reviews I thought it was pretty good. I'm very particular on my horror especially these days. I found it to be rather eerie and a creepy atmosphere
I'm so serious when I say this: I made an IMDb account just to rate this movie. If you are considering watching this, you shouldn't. I guarantee you, you will hate it! I felt like I was watching a comedy when I was in the theater, I even laughed a few times. The "villain" was a poorly computer animated joke.
I will admit that there are some very creepy parts to this film, yet watching this film I kept getting flashbacks on better horror movies that presented bogeymen way better than this one did. I felt like I was watching a movie that decided to reanact scenes from other movies.
irst question is how on earth did this film get made ? 
It is literally so bad it's like a spoof horror of a bad spoof horror doing a spoof of a bad comedy spoof horror. 
If (like me) you read the bad reviews, but you have a cineworld card (or equivalent) i.e. You suffer no financial loss in going to see this
I've just been to see The Bye Bye Man and i can honestly say it isn't that bad. OK so it isn't going to win any awards and its unlikely to be a horror classic. But if you go in expecting little then its a pretty decent horror film. Its pitched somewhere between Sinister and it follows. 
Its quite easy to watch. Fairly decent story
I watched this movie with my best friend, who also happens to be a horror fan, only because we have literally seen everything else that was out. I personally found three major issues with the movie. 
1. The characters: Not one of the characters were particularly likable, so who really cares if any or all of them get hacked to bits? They don't really have any back story. The only one you feel any emotion towards at all is Elliot, and even those moments of emotion are sparse. Of course, he's the only one who has somewhat of a history to him. 
That scene, while head scratching is not going to ruin the movie. Though, it's what they had to do it seems to keep a PG-13 rating based off rumors I'm seeing/reading. If you are a fan horror, go into this movie with low expectations. If you are not a fan of horror, don't watch this movie.
 The jump scares were interesting and there were a few points where the movie could have expanded or gone somewhere deeper with it's scenes, but it failed to do that and falled flat with every chance it had. I had such high expectations for a film that was from the producers of The Strangers but this was just completely horrible. Skip this movie, you aren't missing much.
Don't think it. Don't say it. Don't say it, don't think it. DON'T WATCH IT. What an awful awful film. This is a movie that you would see on the Chiller network (not a knock on the network). Its a completely generic, non-entertaining, ridiculously stupid waste of time. I went in with a clean slate (apart from thinking the title of the film was laughably dumb) and came out feeling like I really should have known better.
 It really freaked me out When eliot's neiss wanders up into his bedroom while at his party. When she opens the door in the wall, what happens behind her is super scary. The synchronization of it all is terrifying. I give it a 7. Trust my review. Not the fakes