I saw this movie at the Festival du film Fantastique (Gerardmer, France). We were watching 6 movies per day for 3 days in a row, "The Void" was the last movie we were going to see for the day and I had absolutely no idea what it was about. In fact I thought it was a sci-fi movie when we stepped into the theater, and boy am I glad we did not know more ; we were in for quite a ride.
Its only true flaw is probably some moments of shoddy dialogue but they by no means break the movie. I can think of a lot of top box office Horror's that have far worse dialogue in fact.
These characters and the plot that are cooked up for The Void are half-baked, and the actors, while not necessarily bad, are not given enough to rise up to a challenge of doing something more than what their one (or simply half) dimensional characters require them to do. The set-up is The Thing with a bit of Night of the Living Dead and then there's I'm sure a butt-load of Lovecraft there too,
I attended a screening of The Void at the Nevermore film festival in Durham, NC. It was a remarkable throwback to classic John Carpenter-style films. I hesitate to list too many details about it, since the feel of the film is very much like a nightmare that might be spoiled if you go in knowing how it turns out. I can say that the creature designs were some of the best I've seen on film in recent years.
. The triangles and the cult aspect were also welcome additions and the aesthetics it adds subtly changes your reaction to the film in a way I would not have expected. This was one of the best theater horror experiences I've ever had and one of the best modern horror movies I've seen.
Why was the cop car moved away from the hospital by an extra 100 feet? He still had the keys on him. The cop chopped up his wife with an ax then it shows him in his same cop uniform while she changed clothes holding his hand in the end. Never shown what happened to the Doctor once he entered the void. Why did anyone else need to go into the basement besides the cop looking for his wife? The Asian girl who stayed up top was the only smart one.
The weakness is in the writing, which gives us two heroes, three pregnancies, over elaborate back stories, and plenty of shouty dialogue. The strength is in the effects and the photography and sound that create the hellish otherworld. The performances are OK, but the pace ebbs and flows instead of building steadily.
Overall: impressive vision delivered through a hectic concept.
The void is worth watching for sure but don't expect to understand right away. I will definitely be pondering away and painfully scratching my head on this film for a while. It isn't without it's perks though. For the avid horror and sci fan it contains some real tone and plenty of gore to tide you over
The film is a lot of fun for people that love low-budget horror movies, especially the kind that came out in the 1980s. It's got some great gore, some cool 80s style effects and an awesome 80s style soundtrack. The movie is like going back in time to the 1980s, if you remember what horror movies were like then. There's not a lot to the story, or character development, but the film is creepy and disturbing enough. Genre fans should have a blast!
I have seen some pretty entertaining horror films this year, and this is certainly no exception. It was like watching a nightmare unfold in stunning clarity. Everything from the script, the acting and the SFX culminated into one of the most effective creature features I have seen in some time. Go in expecting to be impressed, and you most likely will be. I will be following this creative duo and anticipate their next feature film with bated breath.