Hands down the best horror movie of 21 century. Facebook and Google are already heading that direction. The Circle is well made amalgam of these two corporations. We already have the surveillance everywhere, people sharing their day to day lives even in the smallest bits. With services like Snapchat, Tinder, Instagram, Facebook people become transparent, hide nothing, keep nothing private and personal. Both FB and Google are trying to get everyone on board,
I have waited the circle since i see the trailer , the film is great with amazing performance from Emma Watson and i live every moment with the greator tom hankis, the film talk about what we live nowdays in social media and what the company want in their thinking to control the human without any moral
Kept spoilers 'light' and used only as needed to describe the opinion of the film. This film sticks front-and-center an indisputable fact that technology unchecked can and will go to the extreme. I suspect (unproven) that Ms. Watson signed on to do this film as it holds a moral and carries a social lesson. 
Call me the inevitable exception to the rule but I liked Circle. The story is a familiar one - something seems too good to be true, and winds up being so. In this case, it is a business called the Circle that takes intrusive technology to the next level. Miniature cameras are used to let others watch each other twenty-four hours a day,
Perhaps the most compelling thing about seeing The Circle, is the glow of people checking their phones as soon as the credits rolled. This is going to be a film people claim they understand when they don't even understand the controlled lives they are living.
In all a genuinely creepy film carried by Emma Watson, not something for your average Marvel fan though.
"The Circle" is an above average science fiction film. There are many things this film does really well but there are a few things that make the film not live up to it's potential. It has a gripping plot, good use of sound, and is fairly unpredictable. Unfortunitly there are some things that distract the watcher from the main story. 
The Circle is one of those movies that once the general audience has time for their minds to wrap around the concept of this movie, then it has a chance at higher ratings and better reviews. 
It was not want I expected, and yet I left with the sense that I could engage in a three hour philosophical discussion about the movie.
Well, it was a bit of interesting to see this movie. I was thinking that it would be a total thriller from beginning till end. However, it turned out that the movie was more drama than thriller. It was categorized as techno-thriller which I think was a term used to describe a movie where the thriller was more on technology side. Unfortunately, I found that the movie was not having a lot of thrill.
If you were hoping for another film like the brilliant Social Network, then you will undoubtedly be disappointed. Films such as The Circle should be memorable, but unfortunately this one is very much forgettable. Coincidentally, the movie itself is as hollow as the plot and characters.
The film is littered with talented people but unfortunately the writing and the structure of the film really lets them down. Its a misfire really, and the film needed to be much better and have a stronger central message. I feel like parts of the film and scenes were left on the cutting room floor. The film isn't exactly terrible but its most certainly unfulfilled and really could have left a stronger impression.