How it has received an unprecedented amount of negative reviews on your site. This film has been screened three times, one being at the Toronto Film Festival on September 11, 2016. And yet it has over 55,000 1-star reviews. How is that possible? This film is about a touchy subject for many because it centers around the time the Ottoman Empire Turkish carried out a genocide against the Armenian people
Many films that debuted at this years Tiff were based on unfortunate periods of history. I hope that some of them can learn from this film. This has at its heart a love story. It also depicts what a nation is capable of doing to an ethic group when its leaders (both secular and spiritual) reduce the value of life of different cultures to nothing if it is not theirs - Islam. 
Beautifully shot film, with intriguing intertwined love stories. Well balanced between the protagonists narratives and the inevitable lead-in to the Armenian Genocide, showing its impact on a very human level, particularly on the story's leads.
Those who provide a 1 star of 10 clearly are not actually rating the film, but providing political feedback. How many who have rated it as 1 in 10 have actually seen the film? 
A heartbreaking, film everyone needs to see. This was most definitely one of the best films I've seen. Terry George ("Hotel Rwanda"), the film revolves around a homecoming Armenian medical student (Oscar Isaac), and an American journalist (Christian Bale), who will compete for artist Anas (Charlotte Le Bon) love in 1910s Istanbul.
This movie was rated before it even came out and it is not fair that it doesn't receive a fair rating. Overall this was a good movie. The music was well done by the singer of System of a Down and the director did a good job as well putting everything together. I would recommend seeing this movie for anyone who is out there.
Excellent film. It has all elements of a love story that is time after time faces roadblocks and bloodshed created by the racist Turkish regime. To put it simple, qassabs slaughtering innocent people while having no heart at all.
The message is simple - the love will save us all, even from qassabs
 had the fortune to attend the World Premiere of The Promise at TIFF and let me tell you, if the sustained standing ovation was a clear sign for the film's reception, then you can imagine how good the film is. 
With titles like Hotel Rwanda under his belt, Terry George is one of the few directors with the right sensibilities to handle themes of genocide with the right level of prudence and attention to detail required. With The Promise, he absolutely does not disappoint. 
I had the opportunity to see this lovely movie at the Toronto film festival. It brought back the horrors of my ancestors who endured the brutalities, horrors and injustice of Jewish genocide. I found the film to be beautifully shot, with the performances of newcomers to be excellent and the story line of the genocide incorporated into the love story to be historically significant. I learned that 80% of all Armenians were systematically executed by the Ottoman Empire for no reason other than their desire for power and greed. Although this mass genocide occurred before the Jewish extermination by the Germans, it has NEVER been acknowledged by the Turkish government or the government of the United States.
This movie was extremely moving. I was not too familiar with the backstory, the genocide of the Armenians by the Ottoman Turks, really until I saw this. Moving, eye opening, and really well made. These reviews seem to have been hijacked by people (Turks you think?) with an agenda. Disregard it. 
I also saw this in Toronto during the film festival. The director and main actors (except Christian Bale) were present and answered questions.
The first question was the Turkish reaction--you can see that for yourselves: 84,000 ratings (low!) on IMDb BEFORE the premier of the film! Magic, right? Clearly the Turks are organized and out to sabotage this movie. 84,000 ratings don't appear without some organization, so I assume some government interference. Not very subtle.