The visual effects were good enough. And the actors played their role. The plot has so much potential. Something like knights of the round table dedicated to incarcerating witches for using black magic. It's a nice idea but poorly executed since the idea is crushed half way into the movie. 
Go see it if you like 21st century shotgun + sword action and Vin Diesel. Otherwise stay way from it.
I didn't expect much from this movie. In fact, the only reason why I went to watch it was because of Vin Diesel. 
It's another one of those Hollywood cliché filled movies. Don't expect much of a storyline other than bad things happened to my family, I became a witch hunter, defied death and killed witches. It's just filled with moments you know exactly how they're going to turn out if you've seen any other movie from Hollywood. 
It doesn't have to be Hellboy 2 level of sophistication, but the lore available feels terribly underutilized. Visual is mostly crafted with CG, and the action is mediocre with crude choreography. Underneath the cosmetic spells, the production value feels simply average, far too similar to Constantine from last decade.
Lastly, Vin Diesel himself isn't that convincing even though he's groomed for superhero epic. In fact, he fared much better as Riddick, at least he had an identity as the stealthy assassin. While as Kaulder he's just another grunting protagonist despite the presentable physique or the grand attire.
The Last Witch Hunter is a fantasy foray filled with shallow parlor tricks and incompatible hero in Vin Diesel. It had potential to be spectacular, but the shoddy presentation only offers pedestrian exhibition.
This movie has garnered a lot of criticism, and to be honest, I'm a little surprised. The plot and CGI were good. The acting and casting was excellent. Some parts of the movie felt really similar to The Exorcist II (Boorman), and I appreciated the lucidity and metaphysics embedded in the plot. 
This modern revisit of the witch-legend is not actually a bad movie. I mean it won't be the "film of the year" but, if you are looking for some nice special effects and a little bit of action, this film will help you pass a nice evening!
I found it enjoyable and not too long, and moreover, Vin Diesel is good for this part. He always give his best in this kind of "badass" character (Riddick, Fast and Furious).
The Last Witch Hunter is a forgettable movie that has better action sequences than plot lines and dialogue. Vin Diesel has shown in the past that he can carry a movie, just not this one. The box office reception suggests that he should stick to the Fast and the Furious franchise. http://mlaimlai2.wix.com/magical-movie-review
Both my wife and I really enjoyed this movie. It is character and plot driven. It does not rely on excessive violence, cheesy sex scenes, or gratuitous skin to sell tickets.
What you get is engaging performances from Diesel, Leslie, Wood, and Caine, a murder mystery, and a compelling fantasy action-drama. The effects and scenes are beautifully created and shot.
In the Middle Ages, the witch hunter Kaulder (Vin Diesel) hunts down the Witch Queen (Julie Engelbrecht) with the inhabitants of towns devastated by the black plague that she had spread.. The Witch Queen curses Kaulder with eternal life to make him suffer the loss of his wife and daughter for the eternity.
There is no need for words... The only good thing about the film is Michael Caine: he is funny and good as always. I have a question to the director (the guy who directed the impressive The crazies) Breck Eisner: Why did you do this and why?! You're not Uwe Boll, so stop doing this! No offense. ;)
The Last Witch Hunter really left a lot to be desired. It's a typical last of your kind story. Vin Diesel stars as that said last of his kind. Oh, and he's immortal by the way. Something about killing the witch queen. I'm not really a big fan of Vin Diesel, but even to those who are I'd just avoid this. I mean Vin himself does what he can, but honestly the guy couldn't act to save his life. Though he's far from the worst of it.