With the passing a a great actor "Bill Paxton" what is this series going to do now?
I must say I was disappointed in not seeing any condolences or heart felt message from the series about the last show Bill Paxton worked on. Perhaps I looked in the wrong places.
Regardless of the other reviews, I found this TV show entertaining and just dark enough to make me want to watch more. I like the fantasy that the police are out there kicking ass and bending the rules against a group of people (gangstas) that don't play by the rules themselves. 
This was horrible and unwatchable right out of the starting gate. They open with what is supposed to be a high octane action sequence. A guy is blowing holes in the front door and the two cops are hiding safely behind one quarter inch of dry wall. Then it gets really stupid.
Poorly written, poorly edited and I feel poor as I lost 30 minutes of my life watching it. OK, so the acting and direction was not bad however, if you are going to attempt to make a spin off of the cult classic then at least spent more than a day writing the series.
I'll start by saying this is not a perfect show, but then how many shows are today? I will say it caught my interest initially with the casting of Bill Paxton for it's lead. I didn't jump on the show when it first aired otherwise it would've been a bit more nerve-whacking to have to follow week-to-week. However, I'm glad I finally was able to marathon the first half season.
I just started watching this new CBS series; seen like the first 3 eps or so -- of course, based on the 2001 film of the same name by Antoine Fuqua, who I had read at Wikipedia would be directing the pilot. For some reason, they brought in Brit director, Danny Cannon ("Judge Dredd" [1995], TV's "Gotham", etc..) to direct instead. 
All that said, I will always give Jerry Bruckheimer produced shows a shot. He invented a genre with CSI and Top Gun remains little Tom Chruis' best movie. This one is beginning to grow on me.
I find the series very intriguing. Am into dramedies but this series has a serious plot to it that I just love. I do not understand why the ratings are so low but I am impressed, very impressed.Young blood meeting old blood for partnership as opposed to the ever so common male-female love plot twists.
 The show is bad. Not because what i've wrote above, but because IT IS bad. Sorry for Paxton - it is his last project. I'm very curious what will become of the show now.
Bill Paxton does a good job of playing the irreverent smart aleck, and a film like "Guardians of the Galaxy" would suit him well. Justin Cornwell, who is the cop in training, plays the earnest detective well. But the show lacks a consistent focus.