I enjoy (good) vampire movies, dark movies, good screenplays, good production, good screenplay, good cinematography and characters like Selene. This means I really enjoyed the first three Underworld movies, provided we ignore the prequel which was no more than acceptable.
Maries might of well as been called Mario and adorned himself in a red cap and overalls would of been just as threatening. Absolutely no character depth what so ever which is polar opposite to the first films in this franchise. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME IF YOU LIKE UNDERWORLD YOU ARE BETTER OFF NOT SEEING THIS IT IS A TRAVESTY AND MIGHT AS WELL OF STARRED DANNY DYER.
 Action, the strongest point in these types of films, was so poorly edited and is completely boring. Overall, movie is so badly directed and edited, filled with lame dialogue and shameful acting. Even the effects were not that great, with so many cringe worthy moments. Such a disaster.
The trailers already gave me some hints, I simply refused to believe until I saw it. That the Underworld movies are for the better part, dead and buried.
Yes. The action is still there, as is the gore. Betrayals are still alive and kicking. And the old vampire/lycan grudge is also present.
After the disappointment that was Awakening I didn't go see this movie with high expectations, but I came out surprised. The movie is totally fine. Does it have some poor CGI and bad actions scenes? Absolutely. But it also has some quite brutal and "Whoa" moments.
This time vampires and werewolves are amazingly organize, and the story continues in a good way. You can go to see this one without any fear, you wont regret it.
1. Marius - who is he, where did he come from? The explanation for his power came too late, too little to care and he was not as scary as previous Underworld villains. So is the other vamp chick who is supposed to be power hungry, kind of underwhelming at best. 
2. Movie is way too short and too rushed. Everything is introduced too quickly and fits into the puzzle too easily. We have never heard of this Nordic vamps till now. There's no continuity, no cohesion. Its like its trying to bring something new BUT this is no. 5 or no. 6? 
3. The white hair vamps. Seriously I thought the elves from LOTR is doing a crossover.
Goes without saying from the rating I really enjoyed the movie. When it comes to the underworld series, I pretty much liked all of them so far (Awakening was a big meh but still OK).
So lets just start by saying the obvious, if you didn't really liked any of the movies in the series so far, you will not like this.
Good: Selene continues to show skills and gets some new ones.
Continuity of characters.
Storyline remains consistent.
Bad: Compacting too much of the story-line just too keep action
It's Kate Beckinsale again in tight leather! Come on people, pop in the Blu-Ray or stream it and load up the popcorn. Take off the critic's thinking cap for a night. Don't expect too much with a sophisticated plot or story line. 