I am not sure what a movie like this is doing in a theater and not on the Lifetime channel. It's predictable, stupid, and boring. I kept looking at my watch, hoping it was over soon. Once you have seen a terrific movie like "Fatal Attraction", a poor man's version of crazy other woman just won't do.
The idea of recovering from a broken relationship is one that could make a very heavy emotional movie. The deep feelings we have for one another when in love and the discovery that your partner no longer shares those feelings is lot to bear. But why explore such issues when you can just make another psycho ex movie.
They must make at least one or two of these every year. However, such films are not being made because they portray deep themes that resonate with the audience. They're being made because they're cheap and pretty much guarantee a return on investment for multi- million (sometimes billion) dollar movie studios.
A curious note first of all: this is the first movie directed by Denise Di Novi. She's been a producer for years - I thought I had seen her name somewhere before, and then it clicked when Tim Burton came to mind (she's produced many of his best films) - but now, only now, does she step behind the camera. Why for this? 
I have a custom that, every time after watching a movie i go to IMDb and give a score, actually this is the first i write an actual review on this site, not just give a grade. What made want to write one for the first time was because i saw the other reviews and i couldn't not wonder if they have seen the same movie i have. I was honestly expecting to see a lot of comment of how awesome this movie is. I truly enjoyed it, it was captivating, i mean, i usually, when i watch a movie have a moment when things get boring, well not this one. Exciting movie from the beginning to the end!!!
I saw Unforgettable (2017) and it is a good movie -- go see it! Unforgettable is emotional, tense, and suspenseful. The performances by all the women and the little lady are superb! I got very emotionally involved with the characters in this movie because the terrors they faced were from real life! Rosario Dawson's performance is gut-wrenching!
This is Fatal Attraction x 10. We have all seen this before. Begrudging and resentful ex/wife etc. cannot accept that her man has moved on. Playing the innocent victim while framing the new woman who has come in to his ex husband's life. 
While this film is clearly a 6/10 at the most, I rated it a 7 due to the negativity revolving around it.
The movie is by no means a masterpiece or anything new that we have not seen before, yet it is a decent drama which kept me entertain
I know everyone is saying this movie sucks and giving it horrible reviews advising people not to go see it, but I for one thought it was pretty enjoyable. Unforgettable stars Katharine Heigl, Rosario Dawson, Geoff Stults, and Cheryl Ladd. It is a pretty tense movie, sort of like a mothers boys type movie. I'll first say that Katherine Heigl was a great villain in the film, I think she was the perfect casting choice for the role of the possessive ex-wife Tessa.
"Unforgettable" maintains a steady head of steam before it wobbles somewhere during its third half-hour. Di Nova and her writers bring the conflict between Julia and Tessa to boil about an hour into "Unforgettable," and Julia begins to feel the heat. Nevertheless, the movie boasts a slam-bang finale. Unquestionably, "Unforgettable" deserves a straight-to-video sequel as Di Nova's film concludes with such a sizzle. "Unforgettable" ranks as a hybrid chick flick/horror movie with more than enough moments of suspense and intrigue. Katherine Heigl looks like she had a blast playing a notorious vixen, and she is fun to watch as she manipulates everybody around her.
Those who don't like the film probably just don't like this genre. The film previews and posters pretty much reveal the type of film it is. Yes it is a somewhat like the thrillers on LMN. If you hate those you want like this one. This film, though, is a step up from those with much higher production values and general filming.
"I'm done with crazy." So quips the trouper of David Connover from 2017's Unforgettable (my latest review). Me, well I'm not done with kitschy, dramatic thrillers because I go back to them every chance I get. It's a sickness and a darkened room escape I tell you.