I recommend this movie to any one who gets emotionally erect over explosions. There are lots of things blowing up, sometimes in luxurious slow motion. Sometimes we get to see the same explosion from many angles.
Alright, here's how my experience with this movie went, my brother bought a copy on VHS and we watched it. And I almost died of laughter. Some people would say, "hey, if it's that pitifully funny, why not give it a bad rating?"
It is physically impossible to comprehend the joy I felt in my heart watching MegaWeapon crush that annoying talking motorcycle!
The main character sucked. Everyone but donald Pleasance also sucked. 
Elegantly, wonderfully, deliciously bad. The only way to truly appreciate this cinematic train wreck is to watch the MST3K version (less than a minute into the opening credits, Tom Servo asks, "Is it too late to kill myself?") Robert Ginty mumbles and grumbles his "dialog", Donald Pleasance reprises his many roles as the androgenous bad-ass, and a supporting cast of extras resembling Jimmy Carter, Saddam, Bluto, and Mimi keep things moving. One of the many films that makes an inexact science of ballistics -- no one with a gun can manage to even nick another character with a shot, even at point-blank range. Worth seeing, if only to watch in sadistic delight as "Megaweapon" runs over Einstein, the squeaky-voiced, talking motorcycle.
The only words I can sum up to attempt to describe this horrible Mad Max rip-off is "absolutely retarded". You see everything in this one from talking motorcycles to black Nazis. This is quite possibly the saddest attempt to entertain people using film that I have ever seen. 
Somebody please explain this movie to me. What exactly was the plot again? What was "the Warrior" saying during the whole thing? 
I first saw this movie on MST3K, and it was my all time favorite. Even without the wiseass robots this is damn funny. I mean, from the stoner motorcycle, to Donald Pleasance as the blue print for Mike Myer's Dr. Evil character, to Robert Ginty's unbelievably wooden performance....oh man this is a great movie!!!! This and another Fred Williamson feature, Warriors of the Wasteland are the greatest of all the crappy Italian Mad Max knockoffs of the early to Mid 80s!
Megaweapon is this magical being who attempted to destroy the Paper Chase Guy! Megaweapon even SQUISHED the evil bike with Pong graphics ... but recall how I mentioned it came back to life, hmph. Then the Paper Chase Guy had to go and destroy the wondrous Megaweapon! Oh the horror! Never fear, Megaweapon has the power of repairing himself!!! It's part of the magic that IS Megaweapon!!
Watch this movie for no reason other than Megaweapon, and laugh at all the scenes without Megaweapon.
MST3K had a great time riffing this. The movie is very good material, and I think it's a real classic in it's genre(crappy low-budget Nineteen Eightyfour motorcycle Mad-Max ripoffs).
The movie is a great example of "so bad it's good". 