Been cursing myself to have watched such mindless video game movie.
Deepika Padukone is completely misfit and she looks awkward for most of the screen time. Vin Diesel should stick to Fast and Furious franchise, 2002 XXX was much better. Rest of the star cast is assembled to just please the producers "Shanghai Movies".
How do you make a hit film? It's simple. Cast some of the biggest stars in the industry and you are halfway through, add a lot of mindless action, do some promotional stunts (like Vin wearing a Lungi and dancing on a Hindi song) and you are done. Audiences are bound to go crazy.
* Toni Collette completes her mission to distance herself as far as humanly possible from Muriels Wedding 1994. Wish she hadn't even tried.
* I thought these sort of goofy semi-spoof spy films (where even the writers are not 100% sure whether to play it straight or for laughs) ended with OUR MAN FLINT in 1966. Oops. I was wrong.
* writing, editing, directing all could have been turned up a notch. Looks like a big rush to get it out there so it could start spinning off cash.
'm not quite sure why Xander Cage returned, I just wish he hadn't. 
This movie is so low brow, you might mistake it for a caterpillar. It's devoid of anything that looks like a plot or decent character development. 
The female characters are as you would expect very attractive but do not make up for the awfulness of this film. Vin must be sat at home thinking OMG why on earth did I actually make that film as he probably doesn't need the money. The only good part of the film was near the end. The best part of the film was when it had finished and I could get out of the cinema. Honestly I repeat DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
With foreign investments, it did not indicate that the production house had to add in so many unnecessary foreign elements into the movie. Is it even necessary to start off the story in a Chinese restaurant? Where was the link? Foreign elements should be added if they were needed to tell the story and not simply just to please the foreign investors.
I and two friends of mine spent a lot of money between us to watch this movie today on the day of its release. Apart from wanting to watch Deepika, I had enjoyed the original XXX movie (this one is a sequel), plus I am a huge fan of Vin Diesel.
As the name indicates, a successor of original XXX. Movie is fine; action stunts, plots, all watchable and enjoyable for once. Only thing that irritates is Deepika Padukone's dialogue delivery. Every time her role comes up, it's like she's narrating a story like a granny.
Toni Colette needs to stick to heavier roles; she looked out of place in this role. And more Samuel Jackson. I've been hoping for better films to come out of the new China-owned studios, but so many have disappointed lately. Maybe Jet Li could have saved this film, I'm not sure.