Foodfight! is a cynical, cheap, patronizing, lifeless, lazy, unfunny, tasteless, shoddy, disrespectful, offensive-to-anyone-with-a-brain piece of unmitigated garbage, sure, but it's much more than that. Because it is meant to be entertainment aimed at children, and because its message amounts to nothing more than "BUY OUR BRANDS, OUR BRANDS LOVE YOU, YOU LOVE OUR BRANDS, EAT OUR FOOD, EAT, EAT, EAT, EAT, EAT..." 
Foodfight! is not just a bad movie. Foodfight! is PURE EVIL. 
So far, the movie has only made $73,000 on a (shocking) $65 million budget. I guess there is some justice in the world. Ten years ago, when Threshold Entertainment's hard drives were stolen, writer/director/producer Lawrence Kasanoff called it an act of "industrial espionage." I salute the brave souls who actively hindered the production of this film. You fought for the brain cells of children everywhere.
I think watching even fifteen minutes of this movie has made me stupider. Don't just skip this movie. Burn it, then bury it in a desolate field somewhere. It deserves to die the worthless drop of despicable piddle it is.
Fuck Larry Kasanoff.

Words cannot begin to express how awful this movie is.
Have you ever seen Lawnmower Man? Remember those CGI scenes in which Jeff Fahey gets it on with the CHI woman? OK, now imagine someone watched that and thought "hey, there's a kids' movie here!! I just have to find some way of slapping a script together, hiring the guys who made these really cool graphics in the early 90s and I'll make literally thousands of dollars!" It doesn't appeal to kids, or adults, or even the blind apparently (a blind guy walked out halfway through saying it stunk). I'm not sure who's left.

You know, this review isn't based on the premise that this is an egregious film. It is, I agree that this film is abhorrent. However, the legend surrounding this lukewarm, atrocious piece of media is far more enjoyable than this pile of excrement.
I've seen bad movies, but most people will be thinking that it makes no sense at all. I know it is a bad movie, and i can say that I did do small research on the director "Lawrence Kasanoff" and he's made some pretty bad films.
this is worth watching if you want to review a movie like this. so really, I recommend you to watch this movie at least once. I've seen it twice, its that bad.


This movie is so bad, it looks like something that some kid made on a 3d modeling program in his spare time and was super excited to show to parents.

This is on the level of The Room. But what makes this so epic is that it was a large Hollywood production with big named actors. 

First off... Seriously, they were given $65m and came out with this? Apart from the cast, where was this money spent? The budget for Shrek was $60m... Albeit, not my favourite film, but you can see why it was so successful. The film looks like a cut scene from a PS1 game. The animation has a really jerky quality that you'd find in a test clip that lacks it's final slickness. There's virtually no depth or texture to any of it either. Looks like someone downloaded Blender and spent an afternoon learning to use the software.


This is the single worst animated movie of all time. It doesn't matter about Norm of the North, or bad CGI in something like Alvin and The Chipmunks 4; The Road Chip. It is just so awful. Each and every character looks like they were animated by Satan himself. The advertising isn't at all good, and to top it all off, this has the single weirdest production period of any movie ever made. And it gets worse. 

it's like losing your virginity. You think you're gonna regret it, but you just really want that bat to stuff the squirrel's ass with his thicc dick. The models are god tier and I fap to it on a daily basis.

That's by far the worst animation movie I've ever seen, I say this already having seen The Wild, Chicken Little, Home on the Range, all Disney sequels, all Titanic animations and all Bluth movies 90s. The bullshit level in "Foodfigth" is unsurpassed and unreachable. All animation lover should watch this "pearl" to give a good laugh and every film student should see this as a learning experience about