 honestly can't figure out why a bunch of old Italian exploitation regulars like Camillo Teti (who produced EXTERMINATORS OF THE YEAR 3000) and a zany cast including former a few former porn stars (David Brandon - CALIGULA: THE UNTOLD STORY) and Gregory Snegoff (who did the English language voice dubbing in a number of Anime cartoons, etc.) got together and just suddenly decided to make a Disney/Don Bluth-style animated film. To my knowledge, this is the first internationally released animated movie to come out of Italy, and after viewing it twice, I realize that it's probably for a very good reason.
Okay maybe I was being a bit too harsh when I wrote that, but the truth is that Titanic:The Animated Movie (or the Legend Goes On) is frankly awful. First things first, if you want to see a better version, the James Cameron version is great. While ambitious, it is well acted and sumptuously filmed. Even the 1996 mini-series was better than this, and that had a lot wrong with that. Personally I do think it was a bad idea making one of the most tragic moments in history into an animated film, that is condensed and rather empty. I don't know where to begin criticising this film, and it needs a lot of criticising, as there is very little good about it.
This movie is by far the worst I have ever seen. Its baffling as to how this actually got released.
I have spent in excess of 35 minutes searching the internet for this film's budget. I even taught myself how to read Italian in order to read this film's original Wikipedia entry, which yielded no significant results. If anyone has any information, please let me know. I am aware that perhaps this website does not exactly allow for this type of communication, but you could call me on the phone if you would like to tell me this film's budget. 
This is the worst animated movie that I have ever seen in my entire life! I think the only reason it was relatively easy to find this to watch was because nobody wanted their name associated with it! I saw the original animated Titanic movie first. Contrary to what the Nostalgia Critic's review says, this one actually came out second. That makes it even worse than the original because it really did rip off an already terrible film! The first one ripped off the 1997 movie and this is a rip off of a rip off! This manages to include more stuff from the 1997 movie, including the locket plot line.
I am a bad movie lover. This does not mean that I watch terrible films all the time, but I do occasionally like to watch films so incredibly awful that they make me laugh. It all began when I read the great Harry Medved book "The 50 Worst Movies of All Time"...and I recently found and watched the final film from this list. Since then, I've taken on IMDb's ever-changing Bottom 100 list--and "Titanic: The Legend Goes On" is very prominently featured on it. Unfortunately, it's been very difficult to find the movie and I finally found it posted on YouTube. 
I would jokingly give it a 10 for it being so bad it's good, but this movie is based on a real tragic event where people actually died and where there were no talking animals or rapping dogs.
Wow... it's just a big ripoff... and a horrid one at that. The animation is so horrid, artistically challenged children could produce better.
This had got to be one of the worst and most shocking ideas in the history of animated features. It's basically the story of Titanic, only butchered by some dumb Italians. 
Simply, this is a truly appalling movie. It's an outright offense to all those who died in the Titanic disaster and their relatives. A group of deaths is not a topic to treat lightly. That's a disaster, not a fairy tale or a warmhearted musical.