"Your weapons have no effect on me" but this movie does. Want to laugh until you fall over? This is the one that tops the charts for the worst Japanese film of all times. 
~This movie tends to put me in mind of the "Sailor Moon" series. Both feature heros in silly costumes fighting villians in even sillier costumes, cheesy dialogue, half-baked schemes for world domination,
~Then again, the Krankor mothership makes about four round trips to Earth in the course of the film. Maybe if they conserved gas, they wouldn't need our help.
This movie is so bad, it's hilarious. I was able to catch this on MST3K, and they do a wonderful job of just ripping it a new one. The children in this movie are so...so robotic. Horribly amusing. Or maybe just amusingly horrible. You be the judge.
This is one of my favorite bad movies...it never fails to crack me up when we watch the MST3K version, although I could probably sit through it without the MST gang and still have fun doing the MST jokes myself.
 "The Evil Brain From Outer Space" which, sadly, is one of the better ones. My favorite of them all is "Invaders from Space, which has some nifty acrobatics and isn't as boring as some of the others. Prince of Space does suck, but then again so does Starman... if you've got nerdy friends and you're either drunk and/or high and your looking for a giggle, check them out.
But really, is this a film? Is it entertainment? Hell yeah! But I'm not sure if it is a film. Acctually, I heard it was two episodes from a Japanese show that was cancelled to low ratings or something, and later edited into a movie for America. Who knows?
POS:"Your weapons have NO effect on me!!!" Krankor: "Kill him!! Fire!!!" Later: POS: "No, seriously, your weapons have NO effect on me!!!" Krankor: "FIRE! Kill him!!!" Later yet: POS: "Aren't you listening? YOUR WEAPONS HAVE NO EFFECT OF ME!!!" Krankor: "Destroy him! Fire!!" Even Later Yet: POS: "Are you COMPLETELY BRAIN DEAD? YOUR WEAPONS W-O-N-T W-O-R-K!!!!!" Krankor: "Ya SCUM! Kill him! Fire!!!" (Lather- Rinse - Repeat....)
 If Phantom had stopped laughing for even five seconds, he might have figured that out and had his men sneak up on the Prince and stab him to death instead.
Breathe easy Earth. Gout-kneed inept henchmen, X-radars in 54 Chevy station wagons, flaky pie dough bumbling giants, thorium bombs; nothing stops the mild-mannered, secretly disguised Prince from saving the day.
 The film also features one of the most pathetic giant monsters of any Japanese film, a hefty Japanese man in a sloppily put together mask, who guards the evil invaders' home planet. Instantly forgettable, but prime MST3K fodder.
