Farah Khan (FK) seems to have lost her bearings with this one. Being fun loving and irreverent is one thing, but making a movie full of PJs is really pushing it! Akshay Kumar's brand of comedy seems completely out of sync with Farah's brand of humor and the result is a disaster only made tolerable
There are different expressions and feelings one has when he comes out of a theater after watching a film. At times I am thinking, at times smiling, at times in awe of what I just saw and at times thanking myself for not being one of the characters. When I came out of the houseful theater on the first day second show of Tees Maar Khan (TMK), the only emotion I had was anger. Sheer anger. I felt cheated and betrayed and disappointed. This is going to be the worst review I will ever write for a movie.
All the jokes in the film are in poor taste and just about everyone is made fun of. This is the kind of film that makes you wonder whether the writers of the film have any common sense or rather, does this film have any writer in the first place.
Movie has copied several scenes from various movies and Farah has tried to put all Masala in the movie for which she is famous for. But unfortunately story don't have the weight to carry this movie. Senseless jokes are not going to make a movie entertaining.
 I would rate Munni Badnaam from Dabangg (also choreographed by Farah) as a better song although the joke which I heard when I was coming out from the theatre was: Agar Sheela Ki Jawaani Pehle Aati, to Munni Badnaam Na Hoti!
I was so stupid that i thought this Comedy would be better than the other comedies that were out this year, but i was so wrong once again. Bollywood movies are so much disappointing me, like never before. what is happening. i am so stupid i expected a good movie from the great Farah Khan. the music already wasn't much impressive, considering Vishal Shekar's other 3 movies. 
A strict law should be made to check the movie's quality before its release, because its just like robbing viewers pocket in a gentle way .
G3 and phir hera pheri which even AK didn't liked were far better movie and entertaining than TMS. why AK backed this project as producer and why farah khan is continuing movies after the crap MHN and OSO.she will never ever become manmohan desai.even her brother should stop making movies.
A few takeaways from the movie, There are many ways to make the audience laugh; this probably is the worst way. Now that the benchmark for the worst, other would only need to just do incrementally better. This movie is a must watch to expand your scales for rating movies. I have expended time and money in watching this movie, I urge you to watch this movie to make me look less gullible.
I think this is a scam by which Hindi film industry is trying to make films which ppl will leave before ending (like i got 15 minutes after the interval) and they still have to pay money for the full movie.
