My mom used to say, "If you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all". She said this approximately 356 times a week, which helped make me the man I am today. (Thanks, Mom!) So I'll start out with some nice things to say about TOTMB.
The script tries to work in some potentially interesting Indian stories and myths into the film - in real life, Indian lore does exist about the trickster god "Coyote", and some of it is funny as hell. Plus, the idea that there was another moon beast sometime in pre-history whose presence was recorded in ancient scrolls adds just the least little bit of resonance to the story.
Track of the Moon Beast (1976), aww, this movie brings back memories of watching movies late at night when I was a child. I would stay up late watching horrible movies on UHF channels on an old black and white TV. Curiosity killed the cat they say. These movies are like car wrecks. You know they're bad but something compels you to watch them.

Track of the Moon Beast is a fine example of drive-in B movie schlock! The movie consists of a thin story line, hokey dialog, less than impressive cast, and an all around look of 'we filmed this scene in my back yard'. It's a wonder the movie managed to hide from the people at Mystery Science Theater 3000 for ten years.
. This reminded me a little of the Giant Gila Monster, an equally bad movie. There's even one of them in the film. There's the folky music, a signature song which has nothing to do with anything, and that dramatic music as the characters made their ways through the plot. If you just want to have fun, this is OK.
An Okay idea for a low-budget horror movie. Some mediocre, but adequate, acting. A neat monster (especially for the budget). Still, almost nothing happens. A lot is talked about or alluded to, but the film is mainly pure tedium.
I finally understand where the Power Rangers got their monsters from, from movies like these. I actually think this one appeared in one of the episodes as well.
The girl is pretty hot, too, in a definite amateur way. The script is poor and forced, and the characters are highly cartoonesque. I love the scene where the Indian professor and the police chief investigate the scene of our first Moonbeast victim. Pure 70's, baby! Great fun! Enjoy!
This movie, a Cinema Shares International Television, Ltd released directed, if one could use that term, by Richard Ashe and starring such untalented hacks as Chase Cordell, Donna Leigh Drake, Gregorio Sala, and Patrick Wright, among others, makes "Stay" seem coherent and "The Lake House" seem downright rousing by comparison.
But the real weirdness of this film occurs with the musical interlude of "California Lady," sung by a Robin Gibb-looking guy and his two lame back-ups. Why the director felt the need to include this untalented goofball in the film can probably be explained thusly: 1) The guy was his brother-in-law, 2) He owed the guy a favor, 3) The guy was his homosexual lover. You decide.

(spoilers) Vacuous pretty boy Paul is hit on the head with a meteor fragment, thus causing him to turn into a giant lizard creature and kill during the full moon.(huh?) Yes, this plot makes no sense.
I remember seeing this little beauty at the Ranch Drive-In back in 1977. I believe it was the late late show that weekend. The hot babe in the short shorts always stuck out in my mind. 
His intent all along, I'm sure.
