I strongly feel I could take the 82 dollars used to make Dis snore-a-thon and make an infinitely more interesting movie. I would take a camera, start it rolling, and throw it off the Empire State Building. The acting would be better, the story would move faster, and the ending would be less predictable.
These thoughts are nothing more than bad poems, so boring that they are hard to pay attention to even if you try hard. 

Nothing in this film is worth commending except for it's own laughable incompetance, so if you see it, see it for what it is: a piece of garbage. So bad it's almost funny.
On low budget Aune Sand made this (50.000 $) terrible film about love over 4 years - meeting the same people randomly. There's no dialog, but only the young peoples thoughts. The film is full of unintentionally totally comical parts like:

When the film opens with a REALLY long sequence with Siv Stubsveen tossing and turning in the bed for 5 minutes - and then she tell us (in her thoughts) - "I couldn't sleep". The cinema audience just HAVE to start laughing after being so bored!
You'll love the comic in France when Aune enter a coffee shop, randomly running into his former girlfriend (Stubsveen), while wearing Rollerblades, not able to use them. It's REALLY far worse than anything Ed Wood would have made.
Aune Sand would probably be best described as Norway's answer to Ed Wood, a young idealistic filmmaker who thinks his movies are a great work of art. No matter what anyone else says. And ironically enough this movie has been one of the biggest domestic commercial successes for a Norwegian film ever.
Dis', meaning fog, supposedly refers to the director's cerebral condition at any stage of the production process. This cannot possibly be called a piece of work as the intra-skull fog is miraculously transmitted directly to the screen. If there is any content at all in this thing, apparently deserving the label film because there is movement on screen, it is garbage. No kidding, garbage takes actually up the screen in a pivotal scene, a love scene actually.
I really don't like leaving comments about movies which are better left in a dumpster, but sometimes it's ones duty to warn others. Well....This is my warning! Please do not waste one moment of your time watching this "film". Your time would be better spent turning on your TV in order to watch commercials. It's really that bad - Trust me.
The Bergen (Norway) Cinema director in 1995 had the sense - at the time when this ghastly film was first (and never again!) sprung upon unsuspecting audiences in Oslo and other major Norwegian towns - to refuse to show it in Bergen cinemas. He stated when interviewed that to show this to an audience of adults would be adding insults to the injuries already inflicted on other unsuspecting cinema goers.
Some weeks later, the donators were invited for dinner, and a showing of Mr. Sand's masterpiece. My wife - who had entered the wrong cinema in another town and already struggled through it - gracefully left the group after dinner, and went to do something useful elsewhere.
I will keep this short. Think of the worst Indian Bollywood film ever made, plus the worst Finnish TV theater ever made, and add a few Troma movies. Then multiply how BAD they are together by 100 and you have how bad "DIS" really is. Nazi Germans Dr. Mengele could not have tortured me worse than this movie did, in the time I watched it. If you still do not get the point...maybe this movie IS something for YOU anyway...

What is even worse is this movie is made in my Home Country. And I am in Shame! Shame that my country could turn out such a horrible movie!
I am dead serious when I say that there is a several minutes long scenes of out of focus street lights, seen from the inside of a car, the windshield wipers passing by now and again, with the voice in the background spouting platitudes about cars and driving. The rest of the movie is just more of the same, no plot, no characters, no nothing, just an hour of failed artsyness.
This is probably the worst movie ever made, the worst about it is that it's norwegian. Norwegian moviebuisness isn't exactly the best in the world, which by the way is perfectly illustrated by this dreadful, lame no-good piece of "art". A disgrace for all mankind!
