It would be nice if someone were to tell all those budding filmmakers that all it takes to make a film is to assemble a few amateur actors and a video camera.
I do have a problem, however, with hyping it as if it were a real movie when in fact it is a painful-to-watch home video that you would only sit still for if it were made by your family.
1) Filmmakers have already beat this to death. The best of these films like Boyz in the Hood, Do the Right Thing, Sweet Sweetback, Cooley High, even Breakin are now almost 20-40 years old. the ghetto is boring, old news, as contemporary as Tin Pan Alley.
3) being a rapper in a gang and being from the streets doesn't carry the weight it did 20-30 years ago. now many people want to be from a safe, normal neighborhood. Black society has seen enough of crack epidemics and collapsing neighborhoods to want to celebrate gangsterism. the tide is turning against the black hoodlum image. Inner cities are being renovated and gentrified. black society is stabilizing.
I think that this film being on IMDb's Bottom 100 list of the lowest rated films of all time is a bit sad. Sure, it's NOT a good movie but it's not quite that bad. I might put it in the Bottom 500 if they had such a list. 
What happened to really BAD movies making first? Baby Geniuses 2 and Manos: the Hands of Fate have been pushed back for this crap, and I have yet to see SpiceWorld even coming close to touching this. I'm disappointed.
This is a pretty good movie. I borrowed this from my Aunt, and I wound up really liking it. I was skeptical at first, but I was drawn into the story line.
Now Cynthia is a student at that high school. Her father is deceased and her family is on welfare. They include Cynthia, her mother, her grandmother, her brother Juan, her sister Janet, and Janet's baby. Cynthia's mother is Latina and doesn't look black. I'm not clear on her father's racial background but he had a Spanish-sounding name. Anyway, Cynthia looks black and thinks of herself as black.
I could not get this movie out of my head. It's message is so beautiful, and so universal. The tie in with Anne Frank is so original and so great.
My 12 year old now wants me to buy her the Diary of Anne Frank. I am so impressed with this effort on the part of first time director Lisa France.
I was impressed by the maturity of this film. The interlacing of The Diary of Anne Frank with the life of a modern young woman infused this piece with an element of timelessness. I have a hard time listening to rap not because of the lyrics, but because of the bass… this story has encouraged me to seek out written versions of rap, and take the opportunity to enjoy the poetry of this unique and compelling genre.
Interestingly shot, excellent performances from a mixture of brand new actors and veterans, well-written and exciting! A great film for adults, and a great film for teen-agers of any color from any part of the world.
Most of the audience at MFF was grown-ups, and the prevailing idea during the Q&A was that this was a great message movie for kids, especially teen-age girls (I have one, 16).