I strongly feel I could take the 82 dollars used to make Dis snore-a-thon and make an infinitely more interesting movie. I would take a camera, start it rolling, and throw it off the Empire State Building. The acting would be better, the story would move faster, and the ending would be less predictable.
This film is actually Norways highest grossing film, largely because of the bad rap it's gotten. People flocked to the theatre the way people slow down to look at car accidents. And this accident is worth a look
On low budget Aune Sand made this (50.000 $) terrible film about love over 4 years - meeting the same people randomly. There's no dialog, but only the young peoples thoughts.The most fun part is actually noticing that Aune himself is wearing the same pair of ripped jeans for the 4 years the film is covering(!).
This movie probably would give an impression of coming from the mind of someone like Ed Wood - completely idealistic and with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. This really is the Ultimate Turkey if you ask me.About the plot and characters there's not really much to say except: terrible, dreadful, boring and involuntarily funny.
'Dis', meaning fog, supposedly refers to the director's cerebral condition at any stage of the production process. This cannot possibly be called a piece of work as the intra-skull fog is miraculously transmitted directly to the screen. If there is any content at all in this thing, apparently deserving the label film because there is movement on screen, it is garbage.
I really don't like leaving comments about movies which are better left in a dumpster, but sometimes it's ones duty to warn others. Well....This is my warning! Please do not waste one moment of your time watching this "film". Your time would be better spent turning on your TV in order to watch commercials.
Some weeks later, the donators were invited for dinner, and a showing of Mr. Sand's masterpiece. My wife - who had entered the wrong cinema in another town and already struggled through it - gracefully left the group after dinner, and went to do something useful elsewhere.I hardly ever do the latter - life is too short and too exciting for that! - but watching this film is the closest I've come to do so.
I will keep this short.What is even worse is this movie is made in my Home Country. And I am in Shame! Shame that my country could turn out such a horrible movie!
My guess is that director Aune Sand was trying very hard to be artistic and/or poetic, maybe even profound or philosophical, when he made this "movie". However, filming some mundane occurrence or every-day-life scene, adding sombre music and replacing dialog with inner monologue style voice over does not make a high brow art film. What's worse, the imagery is not only dull but really badly filmed ad well, and the voice over is mundane and pointless.
This is probably the worst movie ever made, the worst about it is that it's norwegian. Norwegian moviebuisness isn't exactly the best in the world, which by the way is perfectly illustrated by this dreadful, lame no-good piece of "art". A disgrace for all mankind!