Two scientists, Dr. Elena Kinder (Kathleen Turner) and Dr. Heep (Christopher Lloyd), use genius-baby studies to fund BabyCo's theme park "Joyworld
This is up there with Chairman Of The Board(1998) starring none-other than Carrot-Top! This is the funniest movie of 1999. I love this movie. When a weak 20lb baby can beat up a fully grown adult, you know it's going to be a great show. I'm so glad this movie was made that I saw it four times in the theater, and as soon it came out, got it on DVD. Greatest show ever.
Baby Geniuses is one of the best films that i have seen in a long time. It shows the true meaning of friendship and how we should not be racist. I laughed every second of it. 
Wow what an excellent movie!. I could not believe why it has been extremely under-rated. It is so amusing,funny and witty. Critics are sometimes narrow-minded and unfair in their reviews. Most kids all over the world will enjoy watching a fantastic comedy movie with superb action and great cinematography.
Dan and Robin adopt Sylvester. Dan is still curious of the secrets of life, but as the twins have crossed over they no longer know those secrets. Carrie, their sister, doesn't reveal anything (just gives her dad a sly smile) because adults aren't meant to know their secrets.
First of all, let me just say that these comments are via my 7 year old son who didn't appreciate the fact that Baby Geniuses was on the list of the 100 worst movies -- and he figured that the vote tally was largely a reflection of adults who just didn't get it!
According to him, Baby Geniuses is funny and he likes funny stuff. So it's one of his favorite movies. It's a good story.
The film is a fun, energetic, twisted baby comedy-thriller that will be revered for generations to come. A landmark accomplishment. Run, don't crawl, to go see Baby Geniuses.
So take it for what it is. A cutesy little movie with a plot, some evil characters and some fantasy plot points to hold it together and it will be enjoyable. I do not work in the entertainment industry and certainly don't work for any entity connected with the movie but I do think it is not nearly as bad as most here say. Maybe they were embarrassed in some way and were afraid to admit liking it. Whatever! Just see it and judge for yourself. I think you will be pleased at the time spent.
What is wrong with you people!?!? This flick was a classic. Like you never imagined crime- fighting babies. The bottom 100 is so harsh. The film is about two evil doctors (Kathleen Turner, Christopher Lloyd) who discover that babies are born with knowledge of the world but forget everything when they "cross over"-learning how to talk, so they try to crack the language.