For Keloglan Kara Prens'e Karsi, I thought that, this movie is the worst movie ever made and in my whole life, I won't be able to see another one this bad. But now I understand, I was totally wrong.
The sad news is that this film actually did well at the box office, so we will soon be hit with the inevitable sequel. Let's hope that it completely flops so that the public is spared from another 2 hours of garbage.
One of the worst movies ever seen. This one doesn't even deserve to be a B Side movie. A 110 minutes of torture. It supposed to be a comedy movie but you should have the weirdest kind of sense of humor to find this movie funny.
First of all the script is not original. It is copied from Cem Yılmaz's stand up shows. None of the artists done their job, they were awful. Cüneyt Arkın, made himself disgraced. 
I gave one point for this movie because there was no zero.
I hope Mehmet Ali Erbil would not act on a film again.
I cannot believe I am writing a review for this stinking piece of garbage... Why! Why would anyone write, produce, direct, act in, or just be associated with such an abomination...
I tried to watch this film, I really did - I happened to be at someone's home and their young nephew had brought this movie to keep himself entertained. In goes the DVD, and there upon the TV screen I see Mehmet Ali Erbil prancing around in all his glory.
But is there really an excuse of this one in any meaningful way? Obviously they have the budget and every kind of opportunity. I won't go into detail, because even discussing the fact that there are people in this country,
Everything Turks In Space can accomplish, it has. The movie had me emotionally gripped throughout every second of it, from the moment the opening credits started. For months I have been watching movies that just let me down, but this one I could rewatch over and over again. 
I don't know what to say, Turks in Space has left me speechless. I just don't get how anyone can make a movie like this, and think the end result is good enough to show it to the public. There is nothing in this movie worth the audience' time or money.