Aliens in bullet-head helmets, young boys running around in short shorts, army soldiers made up like Ru-Paul, Sonny Chiba (!) at his most un-heroic and Thomas the Tank Engine as the alien spaceship - is this any way to make a sci-fi movie?
Remember "Prince of Space"? MST3K # 816? Okay. This is basically a remake of that. Instead of Prince of Space, though, we get Space Chief, another effeminent, hopping hero

This MST one brings pain and you actually can share the misery that the guys on the Satellite of Love endured...and they usually watched this four or five times!! Goofy, fun, chalk board scratchingly bad, and a gamut of emotions are associated with this one. Still, way better than Mars Attacks.
Under the Webster's dictionary definition of "train wreck", there is a picture of "Iron Sharp/Space Chief". And the third definition says, "3. An event which exerts upon the observer the appalling, morbid fascination of a movie such as "Invasion Of The Neptune Men."" 
It also resembles 'Prince Of Space" in that someone obviously took several episodes of a goofy Japanese children's show,slammed them together and tried to pass the resulting structural mess as a 'movie' called "Invasion Of The Neptune Men." 
All in all, the movie does have a good point, that being its so bad, its almost funny. Other than that, if your looking for a more serious Japanese Sci-Fi film, then Prince of Space might be a better choice.
 So it comes to the final "climactic" battle, blah blah, the bad guys are defeated after a lengthy missile sequence, yadda yadda, and you're just glad it's over.
Wow! This movie (I use the term loosely) really, really sucked. Thankfully I saw it with Mike and the 'bots...and they could barely make it through this abortion. I could barely make it through. Waaaaaay too much stock footage, waaaaay to many annoying kids. What made "Prince of Space" at least mildly amusing was the phantom of Krankor. At least he had a personality. The neptune suppositories down even talk.
The superficial similarity is there: invaders come to conquer earth and alien-in-human-guise fights them off, earning the admiration of unpleasant children. Beyond that two movies are not very much alike.
That takes courage. And, as bad as these movies are, they are lovable in a certain, delirious way. Or maybe not, I don't know. "Prince of Space" is still my favorite Japanese film to make fun of anyways.
Sure, I thought "Prince of Space" was a TERRIBLE film, but after seeing "Invasion of the Neptune Men", well, that changed. This movie's even WORSE than "Prince of Space" to me. Why you ask? Well let's see...
The movie overall is god awful. Mike and the bots did a great job bashing this piece of cheese from Japan. I suggest to anyone who wants to see this to check it out on MST3K. The only non-painful way to endure this.
