I actually liked the sketch "Pat" on SNL. It was a fresh idea - honestly, how many other "andrognenous character-sketch" routines can you name? It had its limitations, and it sure as hell could have been pushed past the "Pat almost reveals his/her gender but then doesn't" joke that seems to have been the limit of its humor.
My wife and I play a game while we go on long road trips. It's called "Name the bad Saturday NIGHT LIVE alumnus film". It's a wonderful game--and far longer than the alternative "Name the good Saturday NIGHT LIVE alumnus film"--as there are practically a bazillion films made by ex-SNL actors which are absolutely wretched. Yet, compared to "It's Pat", even horrible films like "Dr. Detroit", "Neighbors" and "Best Defense" look like Oscar-contenders! Yes, this is my nomination for the absolute WORST of the lot (though I have yet to see "Night at the Roxbury" and "Superstar"). Apparently, I am not alone with this--as currently "It's Pat" is ranked #95 on IMDb's infamous Bottom 100 list.
This is definitely one of the most misunderstood comedies of all time. I believe that people wen't into the theater with the intention of laughing their behinds off. I know I did, I mean after all, this was a great skit on "Saturday Night Live" wasn't it? Unfortunately the answer is that it wasn't a funny enough skit on SNL to actually be considered reasonably for use as a full-length feature. Therefore, I must re-state that this film is just totally misunderstood as a comedy film... Probably because it is single-handedly the most mortifying horror movie of all time. Never have I been so scared, so afraid, so frozen in fear. Watch this one, and you'll scream what I did at the top of my lungs during the climax scene: "GOD HELP US ALL!!!!!" 2 out of 10 stars.
You might as well skip this one, as it's not worth your time. If I wanted to watch a sexless person's everyday life, I'd revisit my sixth grade boys P.E. teacher. No, my friends, this is a BAD film. Not bad like "Hey! They forgot the ketchup!" bad, more like "Hey! There's pube hair on my hamburger!" bad.
Just do not see this, not even to find out how bad it is, this movie is terrible, its annoying, its irritable, its the movie version of chicken pox. DO NOT WATCH THIS, it will taint your love for movies and take away a slice of your life you will never get back. THIS SUCKS!!!!!
No it is the worst movie I have ever seen. I do not know why any television station would even broadcast this drivel. You could use it as a form of torture for those you hate or really really despise. In my opinion all copies should be pulled from circulation and buried in a very deep pit, but then that would be pollutting the earth. I would have given it a MINUS rating, but the poll doesnt go that low.
They probably should not have made a feature length film of the "Pat" sketch. They probably should not have even made it a running gag on Saturday Night Live. It should, however, probably be ranked higher on IMDb than Carrot Top's Chairman of the Board. Julia Sweeney is kind of annoying, but Dave Foley is great. What REALLY makes the movie is Charles Rocket's spiral into dementia over the enigma of Pat. That whole bit has me rolling on the floor. And also - Pat plays tuba with Ween! The karaoke scene is hilarious too. This movie is not a 10, but it's definitely not in the bottom 100 of all time. I liked this movie enough to buy it, but I gave it a 5 for a lame premise saved by the co-stars (Foley, Rocket, and Kathy Griffin).
This is not worth dignifying with more than a few comments. Its virtually unwatchable but I made it..why, I don't know. Sometimes you want to see a disaster, there's no other explanation.

I enjoyed the skit on SNL. Pat seemed evasive, intentionally, as her sex-as-a-question mark is the whole point of the comedy to begin with. She couldn't directly answer a question that would allude because without that, you don't have anything. 
Mercy what an awful excuse for a film
