How many times has there been a movie you could really relate to? How many times has it happened that you've seen a character on the screen that reminds of something that you've been through in your life? As I saw Ishan (Darsheel Safary) today, I felt, somewhere deep within that that's me.
for a mainstream Hindi film, the following is rare: 1. a film for children2. the only star of the film getting a limited screen space 3. high quality animation4. choosing undertones over melodrama, 5. no regular masala stuff 6. strong message that can actually change lives of people 7. conviction and honesty of the makers palpable in every frame 8. and in spite of all this, the movie offering complete, healthy entertainment...
Aamir Khan does a fabulous job both behind and in front of the camera. There are scenes in which just his facial expressions tugs at our hearts and moves us. That is truly the hallmark of a great actor. But then, Taare Zameen Par is not about Aamir. Its truly owned by Darsheel Safary. Right from the first scene to the very end he steals the show and our hearts with his endearing acting.
The ghost (director) has been resurrected in human flesh and yes, Mr Perfectionist has got it all perfect. His maiden directorial venture is a delight for one and all. Whether you are a kid, or a teenager, just married, or if you are a parent -- Yes... You'll love it! Pre-release in what appeared to be a non mainstream film, shines like a UNIVERSAL film which will keep the box office abuzz.
If you haven't seen Taare Zameen Par, you are missing out. The best Hindi movie of 2007 without doubt. Extremely sensitively handled, and flawlessly executed performances, especially by Darsheel Safary. This movie really hits you.
 Aamir is able to portray all the complex reactions to mental dimension's while maintaining the humanity and essence of the subject. Superbly directed, wonderfully acted by Tanay Chheda (ishaan) and cast, this film succeeds on every level.
He is known as the most versatile and talented actor Bollywood has ever known. He can carry on any role with Nth degree of perfection and Charisma, may it be a Tapori in Ghulam or a mutineer in Lagaan or even a love struck terrorist in Fanaa. That is why Bollywood calls him the Mr. Perfectionist. A movie buff can never get enough of this acting pioneer. Now what if this acting legend puts on a shoe of a director?
Aamir Khan proves his mettle as a director. As an actor he is fabulous. The story captures a look at a middle class family who feel the younger kid (Darsheel Safary) is not a patch on the elder one who is a topper at class. The younger one is always struggling with his ABCs and spends more time out of his class rather than inside.

Its a fine Friday morning in Kolkata...the winter vacation has just commenced...we have planned a day out...gonna watch Francis Lawrence's I Am Legend...but due to last minute change of plans under unavoidable circumstances we are reluctantly drawn into the first day first show of Taare Zameen Paar...we are a bunch of movie buffs who watch a Bollywood movie once in a blue moon...within the next 2.5 hrs our opinions had changed...
Although Bollywood releases 100s of movies every year but few of them has really left a mark on the audience for a long time. I am pretty much sure that this movie has done an excellent job for all those people who are creative but not good in academics. Many people think things differently but in India like country where competition begins at the age of 4 they are just a dumb in the society. 
In this movie director has taken two child one who always gets first and who is punctual for his work and other one is Darsheel Safary who is not good in academics because he can't understand letters and can't memorize too much things at a time. This movie is a motivation for all kind of child and their parents. Everyone should must watch this movie at least once. If you are too emotional then u may cry with Amir khan.
