If Jason Friedberg & Aaron Seltzer are reading this, I suggest you might want to watch these movies as well. You might learn a thing or twoAnyone who would remotely consider themselves to be a fan of the spoof genre would reject this trash.
1. Be timely. A joke about Ellen in Mr Wrong? Really? 
2. Be funny when offensive. Accident prone kid in Scary Movie 3, mildly funny. Assault on a kid by Spartian, not funny.
3. Be subtle sometimes. Not everything has to go to the extreme
I don't know how my brain allowed me to see this picture. I thought it would be like trying to suffocate yourself; your body would just shut down before you could do it. Apparently I was wrong.
This is perhaps one of the most awful films I've seen. Much as I enjoy tacky spoof humor, this movie just falls flat. So many of the film's jokes are so drawn out that whatever humor originally present just gets diluted.
Me movie is good. Me am smart. Make funny ha ha joke! Ha Ha! Me show you... ug.... people you am know from pop culture tabloids. Me make fun of them! Me show you fat person and you laugh! You laugh at little midgets and farting! PBBBLLLP! Fart noise! HA HA Funny! Me poop my pants.
I work at a movie theater, so the only reason I went to see this movie was because it was free and I thought that it just might be the kind of movie that's so bad me and my friends could entertain ourselves by making fun of it. However, Meet the Spartans left us completely dumbfounded and speechless. It's beyond bad! There was nothing you could say that could make of this movie, it does it all by itself and it doesn't even allow you to laugh while you watch it going down in flames.
I was recently forced to sit through Meet the Spartans. Ill start by saying that i'm very sick of all this epic/date/scary movie junk. It's been overdone and only appeals to people under the age of 9. 
I saw this the other day with a group of friends and I'm not sure I even saw all of it, but what I saw was enough for me to wish my $7.50 and the hour back. Seriously the version I saw was only and hour. I'm not sure if the theater missed a reel or what but I find it odd that even though I hated this film, I feel cheated by the fact that the supposed 84 min film came in at about 60 when I watched.
This was easily one of the worst films i've seen so far this year. I was obviously made very cheaply and it really shows on the screen. The jokes are extremely childish yet I wouldn't recommend it for children as some bits are somewhat offencive..they have really missed the mark on this one which I was really hoping would be good as I usually love this style of film.
This was literally the worst movie I have ever seen. I am a movie buff and tend to love all sorts of movies, this movie was a waste of my time and money. They tend to use the same joke time and time again, after the first time, it's not funny anymore!! Also, Parents beware!! This is NOT a movie for children to go to. 