This movie has a real chance to become the First Animated Film to win Best Picture. I surely would not be surprised.
10/10 An Amazing End to a Fantastic Series Go Watch It.
The best magic tricks in the world are ones that cannot be unraveled, reverse engineered or dissected to figure out exactly how they are pulled off. This philosophy is doubly applicable to Pixar's "Toy Story 3", the storyline-ending outro of the beloved Toy Story, uh, story.
Roll the last fifteen minutes of film. It became clearly obvious that the figurative tables have been turned, because a good number of the adults in the audience (including myself) were sniffling and teary-eyed, while the kids were looking up, likely thinking "jeez mom and dad, they're just toys, get over it".

Bottom Line: Toy Story 3 secures its place in cinema brilliance by becoming the best third installment since Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, the best sequel since Kill Bill Vol. 2, and the best movie we've seen this year. This movie is usually hilarious, sometimes thrilling, and sometimes downright tear-jerking. 

The old lovable characters are all here, and they are joined by an army of new ones, and each one of them has his real personality and you can recognize in them characteristics of someone, both visually and with their attitude they express different things and you instinctively feel what these toys stand for. It's really funny to recognize in them some movie archetypes or features of people that you know.

I realize that I just poured out tons of superlatives, but there's nothing else you can say about this film! It has everything! (And about how many 3rd parts you can say that?) The only thing I could criticize is that there is one really freaky baby-toy, that can give the creeps to the smaller kids, but it's done on a purpose and for me it was really an enjoyable touch to the atmosphere of the film.
"Day and Night", like the one offered in Up, comes without dialogue, but with plenty of imagination and again, a solid story for a well animated short film that only Pixar can.
As a 28 year old single female lawyer, i have always enjoyed Pixar's movies. I cannot label them as cartoons as there is nothing cartoonish about their stories; they have heart, meaning, feel-goodness with the right touch of class & humor. The formula is A1 yet without feeling overused.
The appearances. Not much to talk about. But, the appearances of the characters were perfectly designed. The main characters were really cool. Ken and Barbie, they're really designed in detail. For Barbie, the line where is visible in the neck was really detail. Ken is also really detail especially with his body. Lot-o-Huggin'-Bear was also carefully designed by the paper which often appears on dolls listing the warning or whatever.

The new characters. Well, I think there's one negative point. I think little kids around the age of 3, 4 or 5 might be scared with the appearance of Big Baby, because, his appearance is kind of scary for little kids.
A short advise, you might want to prepare some tissues to wipe your tears as there are some pretty sad moments in the film. The scenes were just so sad that that's another praise for Lee Unkrich on his directing. So, if you don't prepare those tissues, I hope you have something you can use to wipe your tears.
The creators of Toy Story 3 have an imagination that is unparalleled. I cannot begin to compare any of the other animated movies that I have ever seen to it. It is a fantasy in an unconventional sense: aside from the talking toys, the environment and settings are typical; commonplace. Yet, the Pixar Team manages to cram every last drop of energy into the incredibly clever story and inventive plot devices out of just common household objects. The animation is so brilliant that it captures shading, lighting, and textures that have yet to be seen on film.
, Toy Story 3 is a very solid conclusion to one of the best trilogies of all time that needs to experienced solely for the last beautifully gratifying act with the gang that I grew up with.

"Toy Story 3" is a wonderful and touching animation for adults… imagine for children. This magnificent tale of loyalty and friendship is fantastic and recommended for the whole family and it is a worth entertainment. My vote is ten.

