Yes, I gave it a 2, dammit. The underwater photography is tolerable and there are a couple of suspenseful attacking moments. Basically, however, this movie rambles on pointlessly, much like the "walking catfish" mutant and the government agent who tracks him in the last third of the movie.
This is one ugly mama-jamma of a movie, incredibly cheap looking and badly made. It also appears to have been edited with a garden weasel. Countless mistakes were made about what film devices would tell the story and establish a mood, as opposed to those that would drop the ball and irritate the viewer. For my own amusement, (and hopefully, the reader's as well), I'd like to expound on a few of the most obvious. 
Rented this because it had a cool monster on the cover. I should have asked the video store if I could destroy it for them. It was so slow and stupid. The monster is terrible and looks nothing like the one shown on the cover. If you are trying to fall a sleep, you MUST see this. It is so bad.......... No further comments for this brain-melter. Read a good book or see a good movie instead.
About halfway through the film, we get more awful singing from a bunch of hippies, followed by a march to the local jail. The so-called hero of the picture is a joke. He and his girlfriend also wear ridiculous red jumpsuits. They should have just stuck with the college guy and the sheriff, not that doing so would have saved the movie or anything. This is currently #10 on the IMDb bottom 100 list. There's no question that this is a bad movie, but I wouldn't rate it that low simply because of the amusement I got out of it.
I actually really liked this film, but I am also a big fan of cheap, trashy, ugly little films from the 60s and 70s. This is one of the cheapest and ugliest, but it has a rough appeal to it nonetheless.
I first read about this movie as being called ZaAt. Then I actually watch it under the name "Attack of the Swamp Monsters." THEN I hear about it once again as The Blood Island of Dr. Z as showed on MST 3k. I have not seen the MST 3k version of this movie, but one has to admit, they would have a LOT to work with. The lighting of this movie was terrible, the kill scenes were very short, the mask! Well, the mask is very self explanatory.
Well, I'll let you watch to enjoy the rest of the movie, although I do suggest you go out and rent the non-MST 3k version, just because sometimes it's fun to enjoy a movie without someone telling you what's funny about it.
. Today's excuses for cinema with bloated corporate budgets, over production, over paid prima donna actors, and excessive FX can't compare to the spirit and zeal of this genre. Cinamatic hacks such as Spielberg, Scorsese, Lucas, and Coppola who prostitute themselves on a consistent basis can learn a lot from the likes of The Blood Waters of Dr. Z.
 I don't think the kills would get much better as one of the kills they showed had the monster with a hand already full of blood swipe past a young man it was killing. Still, as bad as it was, it is still a rather amusing film to watch and made for a very funny episode of MST3K.
The IMDb correctly discourages comments from referencing other comments, but since ZAAT has the honor of being one of the IMDb's lowest rated films, it's appropriate to pay a nod to one of the chief forces behind its low rating. This main reason ties in with the peculiarity of a rarely seen and relatively unavailable film getting as high as over 2,000 votes.
I think that the whole purpose of the film was the girl in the yellow bikini. There certainly were long enough shots of her walking around her camp, swimming in the water, brushing her hair, etc.
