This is not a biting Hollywood satire, and I'm sure there were some missed opportunities to poke fun at the biz. But as long as that's not what you're expecting, you should have lots of fun.
I'm an avid Billy Crystal fan, and though he's not the star of the film.
 We spend the rest of the film wondering why Weidmann is so cocky toward Kingman and so close-mouthed about the film, but we are rewarded in the final act. 
Gwen (Catherine Zeta Jones) and Eddie (John Cusack) are America's favourite sweetheart couple, but since breaking up Eddie has had a breakdown and Gwen's career is floundering. Their latest movie is shortly due for release and their press agent Lee (Billy Crystal) with the help of Gwen's sister Kiki (Julie Roberts) have to get them back together and promote the movie.
And I mean ultra light. This film features four giant stars, about three and a half jokes and nothing beyond that.
There really isn't too much to say about this stinker, other than that although it has a couple of really good bits, most of it isn't very funny. Nor does it work at all as a romance. How about as a romantic comedy? Not on your life. Most of the dialogue is way too flat to be sophisticated, much less amusing.
 And of course, if you haven't seen it, I do recommend it, for it is a fun movie and is actually quite entertaining, especially if you like the stars, which most people do.
 To bring the estranged Eddie and Gwen together, Lee enlists the aid of Kiki Harrison (Roberts) who is not only Gwen's "doormat" sister, but also her personal assistant. We soon learn that big hearted Kiki has always loved Eddie. 
 Perhaps she should consider taking a few lessons from him before her looks fade and she's got absolutely nothing to offer. Don't bother watching this film. You'll resent the time you wasted.
Well the movie was good, it wasn't great. Yes most people will watch it because of the cast and not like it. Christopher Walken steals the show as always in the beginning and end, with short scenes. There are some really funny scenes, but thats about it. The plot of the movie is okay nothing excitint.
The only funny part of the movie was unintentional: when Chris Walken tells the press that the script was worthless, so he threw it out and substituted hidden camera footage. Wish they could have done that here. Watching any of these talented people in candid dressing room footage would have been funnier and more romantic.
As a fan of Julia Roberts, John Cusak, and Catherine Zeta Jones, I found this movie a total bore! Did this movie ever make it to theaters? It looks like something that would go straight to video. No wonder I had never heard of it before. A joke!