It blows me away that people thought this movie was, "surprisingly good." It's not. It's bad. Really really bad. Lets put it this way, I have not walked out of a movie in who knows how long, since Ishtar? And this was that bad. 
In the end, this movie is tedious, predictable, annoying, and worse, unenjoyably campy. Save yourself the money and god forbid the 17$ it costs to see it in 3d. Because 3d does nothing but make you angrier you spent that much more money on a waste of 2 hours.
The trailer got me all excited to watch this, but boooooy was I wrong. I was really hoping this was going to be like Iron Man but instead it felt like that darn Streetfighter film with Van Damme. Like Streetfighter, the movie felt really short, because there was not much of a plot. Heroes were generic and same with the villains. 
There was nothing in this movie that was really interesting other than maybe the black beauty (green hornet's car) and maybe his hornet gun, and that's about it. And what was up with the 3- D? The glasses made the movie too dark and did nothing to the experience (I am getting really sick of 3-D).
Where do I start ? See how long we can take one joke and stomp it to death again and again and ( voice gradually fades ) ..Arrogant rich kid blundering through life ; Smart sidekick does everything for hero who doesn't get it .... The casting is so far off wack in this, Seth Rogen who is supposed to be core of this film is just not convincing either as rich playboy buffoon, 
 Ass does what it says on the tin. Really - buy yourself a tin of Dulux, a 4 inch brush,find a wall and slap it on. You'll find watching it dry a lot more fun..
 I never watched episodes of the TV series, nor have i read any of the Green Hornet comics, though i doubt they were as lame and as silly as this new movie adaptation of Green Hornet. because of the big adds and billboards this movie has, i bought into that and decided to watch it tonight, and i wish i have not !! i was expecting a cool superhero,
 Im also surprised that some people are giving this good reviews, probably they are either 10 year old kids, or people who watched it drunk with a group of friends !
 I don't know why I went to see this, but I wish I could get my money back. Wow, this movie was really irritating me. 
 "The Green Hornet" is a wanna be superhero movie trying to be original by following the scheme of Seth Rogan's character Britt Reid to become a superhero that is perceived as a criminal to the public. 