Wow, after reading the reviews that are at the extremes, I really didn't know what to expect. But I like to judge controversy for myself and so when the title came up at the $1.50 Theater we went. Surprisingly, the smaller auditorium was about ½ full. What a delightful movie, so far and away from what I was set up for by all the disparaging - bordering on hateful comments and low ratings. 
This movie is not preachy. It does not tell the audience what to believe or not to believe. Like the book, it gives those of us who believe further evidence that we're on the right track. But for those in doubt, it gives you plenty to think about and leaves you with questions you must work out for yourself. 
I knew the basic plot going in, but was pleasantly surprised on how well the film was put together. There was comedy, drama, real-life all wrapped in one film. The acting was solid. Greg was great, Margo was awesome, Thomas and Nancy were solid and I was in love with Kelly. Conner was great at just being the innocent child.
I'm very spiritual but not very religious. This movie does an excellent job of sharing important information about the very real issues that near death experiences (NDEs) bring up. All the NDE stories have certain similarities and a judgmental God is not part of them at all. Religion doesn't matter either. All that matters is love for one another. IMO. 
To start Sorry if it offends you but I am no fan of religion, I do though love good movies so it makes no difference to me what they are about. In this case Greg Kinnear who has been on a bit of a kick in this general direction lately provides a fantastic performance as a Father trying to make some really tough decisions while the walls are getting thinner. Kelly Reilly is her usual fragile beauty (that you just know is going to go south in just a few years so she had best get it all in now) and still in morning from a recent loss that she will not talk about. 
Still, there's the obvious fact that little Colton has been drenched in religion for almost his entire waking life, and that such total immersion surely accounts for everything he claims to have seen. And the Burpos had been having serious financial difficulties, a not-so-subtle motive for playing Colton's story for any financial benefit it might bring. Nor does the film stint from dramatizing those perfectly naturalistic explanations.
Instead of praising the bad characters in a story (see Disney's movies), I prefer this movie 10x10 times. Look around and observe the beautiful and the good among us. We were all born good, aren't we? If someone was born talented and gifted, they shall tell these people's stories, not unearthing devils and demons or witches, hurting this way people's harts and minds with apocalyptic creations. Why speculate simple people's and children curiosity and simplicity? I understand: they make money.., but by all means?
 Heaven for Real was brilliant and to my opinion it's the best movie of the year and best movie ever made. I would recommend for anybody to see Heaven is for Real. And it's a family movie so go and see it and I'm defiantly going to buy it when it comes out on DVD
A story of a boy who's been in Heaven for a short time. He can tell his father about people that he has seen and things that only they knew about. Other people just think the boy is crazy. End of Review 
Let me first say that as a man of Science, I am not a believer in GOD. With that out of the way, I did not let that keep me from watching this movie. As most of what we watch on television these days is fictitious anyways it shouldn't matter what the subject matter of the movie is as long as it is good.