Pitchman: "Imagine MARY POPPINS without the namby-pamby animation and music and twice the butt-kicking! Oh, and instead of Dick Van Dyke faking a British accent we'll have Arnold Schwarzenegger faking intelligible dialog!" Studio Exec: "I love it! Here's umpteen million dollars to get it made!"
They truly don't make them like this anymore, just see awful modern examples such as Vin Diesel's The Pacifer for proof or rather don't see them, watch Kindergarten Cop again and see a great action star and comedy director team up to make a most enjoyable work.
The comedy in this film is spectacular! I've seen this film many times, and every time I see it a can't help but crack up at certain scenes. The comedy is just great!
I reckon Arnie would make the best teacher. For starters, he could teach PE, and Austrian, and politics, and awesome, among other things. Schoolyard bullying and vandalism would be a thing of the past, and if any of the students were having domestic troubles at home, Arnie would find out and then BAM! Problem solved, just like in 'Kindergarten Cop'.
Arnie plays a bad ass cop who disguises himself as a kindergarten teacher in order to track down the ex-wife of a drug sleazeball to finally lock him up.
The star of the film, Arnold Schwarzenegger, shows a good flair for comedy as the tough guy-softie. This might be Arnold's most likable role. It was interesting to see Carroll Baker again, an actress I hadn't seen since the 1960s. I'd like to have seen her smile, but she frowned throughout her minor role in here.
 I would watch it with your family, but be warned that there are some sexual references and profane or lewd speech so don't watch it with little kids. I would stick with 10 and up.
I also loved the comic timing Broadway's Pamela Reed brought to the film. Her character's pragmatism to Kimble's take it all on, made for another good contrast. Overall the film is good for the whole family or a solitary rainy afternoon escape.
 It's about a cop who tries to find a Criminals ex wife as a witness and ends up being a Kindergarten teacher, who brings a lot of goodness to the community whilst saving the damsel in distress. It's fun to watch, and goes well with anyone who's building an Arnie collection. rent it, buy it, you'll enjoy it.
 John has time for a little romance when he falls in love with one of the teachers (Penelope Ann Miller), who ends up surprising him with more than love. Kindergarten Cop is one of my favorite Arnold films, I also love the fact they get Richard Tyson the bad guy.