So many people have already written reviews of this movie, which has been out for five years now, that I am not going to go into detail about the plot, or the acting, or whether the storyline is predictable, or how cute Ty Posey was. I am merely going to say that I watched it tonight for the first time with my 13-year old daughter and we both enjoyed it immensely. I found Jennifer Lopez a bit stiff in places, but overall she handled the role well.
So you'll know where I'm coming from, some of my favorite movies are "Parent Trap," "Father of the Bride," "Kate & Leopold." If you like these kinds of movies that leave you feeling good and happy about life, then you'll enjoy this tastefully done movie as well.
I just saw the movie and checked IMDb right away, where I found that this movie only had a score of 4.6 which I find to little. Why? There are some reasons. But first, when I watched this movie I knew always what was going to come, you can see in advance where the movie is going to. 
It might not be Oscar material, but it is a cute movie - so if you like Jennifer Lopez or wants to spend an evening on the sofa with your girlfriend, this movie is a good choice. Nice acting from all parts and a cool soundtrack with Norah Jones.
The story? Cliché, cliché, cliché, the umpteenth remake of Cinderella with not a single interesting addition. The script? Formula (and lame at that). The cast? Jennifer Lopez's turn as Cinderella/Sabrina proves she does not remotely belong to "rags-to-Princess" roles; she is galaxies away from Audrey Hepburn or Grace Kelly (or even "Pretty Woman" Julia Roberts), no matter how expensive the jewelry or costumes she wears.
This is a warm-heated story with a predictable plot. It may not be a great film, but but it is good entertainment. And the highlight of the movie may be hidden in a soliloquy, rather than revealed at the end. Every good story offers hope and this film delivers that. Its characters also experience transformation thanks to several easily-overlooked defining moments. So watch and enjoy the film for entertainment. Then watch it again, and again, for the pleasure of discovering the tapestry of truths it contains.
 Ralph and Natasha try to throw in some comedic elements, but they're stuck with really unfunny lines (Natasha's "I've been dumped" speech for one). Bob Hoskins has the one good speech in the entire film, but even he can't save it. Why was he in it? Why? I don't think we'll ever know.
I may be the last person on earth to see Jennifer Lopez outside the checkout line. She's not bad looking but didn't impress me all that greatly as an actress, but she did tell the story. This may be a light- weight role for Fiennes (duh!) but I thought he carried it off well. The kid (Ty) was great, and Bob Hoskins was wonderful.
Marisa Ventura (Jennifer Lopez) is a single parent maid working at a high end hotel in Manhattan. She meets Chris (Ralph Finnes) a wealthy politician who finds her son cute and also falls for her head over heels, but he thinks she's also from a privileged background. Soon he finds out her true identity. Will her romance survive ?
Fortune Magazine ranked Jennifer Lopez one of the top twenty richest Americans under the age of forty. She is also one terrific actress, because she played a very believable maid in a Manhatten hotel. Combined with the excellent acting, the John Hughes script kept the story moving at a good pace right from the word go.