Despite persistent talk of Hollywood's "Golden Age of Cinema", movie-making did not truly reach its zenith until 1996. The movie was "Ed", not to be confused with the Whoopie Goldberg abortion of celluloid "Eddie", that premiered during that same year. In "Ed" award-winning documentary filmmaker Bill Couturie employs the technique of cinema verite that lets the camera capture a true slice of sporting Americana... a monkey playing minor league baseball.
I was running a movie theater when this turkey came out. We got to have a special sneak preview of it, which was rare for my theater. (a two screen theater in a city of less than 15,000 people) 

If your idea of entertainment is monkeys farting - this is your film. If you're looking for something slightly more entertaining with animals, go watch Babe instead.

...but I gave this movie an EIGHT. Now, before you brand me an idiot, please hear me out... "Ed" is one of the worst written, worst made, worst acted movies that I've EVER SEEN. 
Jack Cooper is a pitcher on a minor league baseball team, hoping for a crack at the majors. Sadly his pitching, so perfect in practice, is way off in the games. Things get worse for him when the team drafts in a new mascot – a monkey, Ed, and Cooper is selected to room with him. However Ed turns out to much more valuable to both the team and Cooper.
Overall I found this a rather dire experience. Ed has no personality and looks really creepy and the comedy and plot are both as unimaginative as you'd expect them to be. To be a good kids' film this needed to have a bit of spark to it – instead it brings to mind the fading embers on a dying fire.
I first saw this movie while I was living as an Italian immigrant in New Zeland at the age of 10 in 1998...it was a movie that sky cinema proposed,so as a child I couldn't miss the movie of a chimp that saved a Californian minor league team. 
 I have no idea how to even rate this movie, as it obviously is a horrible piece of cinema (OK that gives it too much credit, a horrible piece of film); but at the same time made me laugh more than any movie I can think of in recent history. I will meet in the middle and give it a 5.
Sitting through the first thirty minutes of this movie was like getting all of my teeth drilled... twice.
What the film is, basically, is garbage, despite the baseball angle. I usually enjoy baseball films, but I can't classify this as such. Parents: do your homework before watching some of these "family" films because some of them are the normal crude comedies of today's Hollywood.
. I would suggest this to children and adults of all ages . Inshort this movie was nothing but fantastic with no faults what so ever.
.... On second thoughts don`t bother because this is ape sh*t . I can imagine the producers got together and said something like " Monkeys . Everyone loves monkeys . Parents love monkeys , children love monkeys , Michael Jackson loves monkeys so lets make a family film about a monkey "
... On second thoughts don`t bother because this is ape sh*t . I can imagine the producers got together and said something like " Monkeys . Everyone loves monkeys . Parents love monkeys , children love monkeys , Michael Jackson loves monkeys so lets make a family film about a monkey "
