I thought that I would watch this film as it was on TV, I like Viz and had an hour or two to kill.
I had also heard that the film was a bit of a train wreck and sometime films like that can be quite amusing in places.
This is about as low as the British Film Industry can get. I could have told those involved that this was a bad idea even before conception - and well before a script materialised. 
That sounds like a pretty outrageous claim, but see the movie and you will know where I'm coming from (oo-err! bit of innuendo!) Really though, this is an abomination of a film,
Having been madly in love with the Fats Slags since I was a young man, I was disappointed with this movie. How on earth can directors and producers continue to imagine that it can still be funny to take ordinary people and make them rich and successful, after Rosanne destroyed her career by doing exactly that with her working class show.
I got tickets to see a preview of this film and being a fan of the Viz strip took them up on the chance (well .. all 15 minutes of it) i had to leave, it was shocking!
It just lacks any real plot, it's bland, and the humour doesn't really make up for the whole film being about two, fat, loud mouthed northerners.
If you are expecting to see a film featuring the Viz comic strip characters Sandra Burke and Tracey Tunstall you will be disappointed. The characters in the movie are different.
I have a nasty feeling that most of the people who've given this 1 did actually laugh at at least one thing, but then noticed that they'd done so, and felt shame at laughing at something so low-brow.
Whether or not "Fat Slags" is among the worst films ever made is up for debate. The production values aren't really bad and the film technically speaking isn't horrible. However, the script and characters are among the most detestable and disgusting I've ever seen...and I have almost 19,000 reviews to my credit!! 
The worst thing about the movie though, is not the jokes, or for that matter the inane plot or over the top acting, it is the main characters themselves. These two women are so utterly vile and disgusting (both looks wise and behavior wise) that you end up rooting for, alternatively pitying, the supposed bad guys.

