. I mean a lot of people have neglectful parents, but they don't somehow get involved with organized crime and not even realize it.
This isn't nearly as bad as typical MST fodder. Sure, the plot is melodramatic and ludicrous, but no more so than a lot of "troubled youth" movies of the time.
So I can't make too much fun of the movie...it is what it is. But I also can't imagine any modern audience having any reason to sit through this WWII version of an ABC AfterSchool Special 60 years after its release...except to enjoy the MST riffing on the dramatic clichés of the time and Jimmy's complete lack of awareness or self-determination.
The old man behind the counter goes through a contrived, rambling speech and then offers the boy a free meal. In the process, he comments that he saw the gun and wouldn't Joe like him to take it. Naturally, he gives him work and a place to stay. One of the many unbelievable scenes in this movie. A must see.
Why doesn't she just GO IN?? Come on, Kitty. Although she is not a bad actress (can't say as much for Jimmy), there is no chemistry at all between those two. It's like negative chemistry. My advice: stay far away from this movie if you don't see Joel and the bots in the corner. They make it a thousand times more enjoyable.
Of all the Mystery Science Theater 3000 Episodes I have seen, and I haven't seen that many, this movie is probably the least terrible of them all. Sure it is slow, boring, outdated, and without any redeeming quality,
I accuse my parents is a film that definitely has not stood the test of time. Blaming one's parents for your criminal ways is a very out-of-date idea, and the whole premise is silly. There are people out there who have grown up in abusive homes and managed to make things work out fine for themselves. 
The fact that "I Accuse My Parents" is a bad film shouldn't at all be surprising. After all, it's made by one of the cheapest of the so-called 'Poverty Row' studios of the 1940s==where entire scripts NEVER were bought for more than a few hundred dollars! Also, with an exploitation title like this, it sure sounds like a recipe for dreck.
There are movies that are so bad, they deserve to be sent up from Gizmonic Institute to the Satellite of Love. This movie is one of them.
"I Accuse My Parents" also lacks of any greatness most other movies truly achieve. So, in conclusion, only watch the MST3K version. 1 star, but 10 for MST3K!
Alright, it's a PRC production so you know it's not going to be exactly high class but the cast has several good veteran actors - John Miljan, Vivienne Osborne and George Meeker, as well as Mary Beth Hughes who was building up a cult following.
